
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000387                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   387217800                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5192386380800                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 171668                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   241588                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               66471623                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1474352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1407319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst             128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data             320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        12224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       220096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             232768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        12224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         12352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst                2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data                5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             330563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             826408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     31568797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    568403622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             601129390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        330563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     31568797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         31899360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            330563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            826408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     31568797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    568403622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            601129390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3630                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3630                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 232320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  232320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     387048800                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3630                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    2002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     73.105280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.131552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    60.632237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2960     93.58%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          180      5.69%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383            7      0.22%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511            1      0.03%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            3      0.09%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            1      0.03%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.09%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    121302000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               189364500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   18150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     33416.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                52166.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       599.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    599.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.63                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      451                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 12.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     106625.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    12.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 11545380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6106155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                13673100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         30117360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             34726680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               639360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       134021250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         5944800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              236774085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.491474                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            309342250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       309800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      12740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     15492550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      64766800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    293898650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 11152680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5897430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                12245100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         30117360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             34911930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy               684960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       137503380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy         2810880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              235323720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            607.745769                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            308282000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       436200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      12740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      7327000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      65196650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    301507950                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       387217800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                               24                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                          10                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                            16                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     8                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            8                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            12                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  21                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  3                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   20                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  12                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes                   2                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             6                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           5                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          1                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         24                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         6     37.50%     37.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     37.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     37.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       4     25.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1      6.25%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       1      6.25%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   4     25.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                         16                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              3078                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           478.399919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               53239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              3078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.296621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      5192091470400                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     4.999942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   473.399977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.009766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.924609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           4119070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          4119070                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       401719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          401719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       108973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         108974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       510692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           510693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       510692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          510693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          3240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           3742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          3742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    308938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    308938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     51519200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51519200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    360457200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    360457200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    360457200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    360457200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       404954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       404959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       109475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       514429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       514435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       514429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       514435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95498.608964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95351.234568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102627.888446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102627.888446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96456.301846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96327.418493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96456.301846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96327.418493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        68779                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               909                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    75.664466                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302122800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    302122800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     51117600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51117600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    353240400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353240400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    353240400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353240400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97996.367175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97996.367175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101827.888446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101827.888446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98532.887029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98532.887029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98532.887029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98532.887029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           187.572324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                   0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs                   nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     1.999979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   185.572345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.362446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.366352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.376953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            808769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           808769                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       100853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          100869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       100853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           100869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       100853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          100869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15354800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15354800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15354800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15354800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15354800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15354800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       101054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       101054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       101072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       101054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       101072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.111111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.111111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76392.039801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75639.408867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76392.039801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75639.408867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76392.039801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75639.408867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14538800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14538800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14538800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14538800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14538800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14538800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76119.371728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76119.371728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76119.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76119.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76119.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76119.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  1950.503465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.999979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          4.999942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   185.576543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1757.927001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.107295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.119049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3637                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.221985                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     58525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    58525                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          454                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total              454                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          146                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     146                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 502                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst             2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              193                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2937                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2942                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                  5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3637                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50513600                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      50513600                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14309200                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     14309200                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297168000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    297168000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14309200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    347681600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        361990800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14309200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    347681600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       361990800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          454                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          454                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               502                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            193                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3083                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          3088                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 3783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data                5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                3783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.952644                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.952720                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.959275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.961406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.959275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.961406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100624.701195                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100624.701195                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74917.277487                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74140.932642                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101180.796731                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101008.837525                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74917.277487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101099.621983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99530.052241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74917.277487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101099.621983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99530.052241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          191                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2937                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2937                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     46419000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46419000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     12760000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12760000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    273358000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273358000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     12760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     12760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.952644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.959275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.959556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.959275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.959556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92468.127490                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92468.127490                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66806.282723                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66806.282723                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93073.884917                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93073.884917                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66806.282723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92985.460890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91607.988981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66806.282723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92985.460890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91607.988981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          3637                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         7274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         7274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       232768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       232768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  232768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3637    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4858400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20325300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups             782                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted          782                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect           80                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups          661                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups          661                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits          591                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses           70                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted           25                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    387217800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   968019                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       107875                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                1002629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches                 782                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches          591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                830756                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles             214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            101054                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes            16                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       938738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.503512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0           539916     57.52%     57.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            33674      3.59%     61.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            24324      2.59%     63.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            34214      3.64%     67.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           306610     32.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       938738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.000808                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.035753                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles            22050                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        432861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            467294                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         16379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles            107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        1410003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles            107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles            29404                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          103559                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            475744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        329877                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        1409733                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           2520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         239410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents          83662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands      1337351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       3914405                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1127476                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2220255                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       1334754                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps             2517                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts             38349                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads       426632                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores       109771                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         6319                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         4493                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            1409239                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           1415436                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            2                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         1863                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       938738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.507807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.636198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       423044     45.07%     45.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        86235      9.19%     54.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147130     15.67%     69.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       145006     15.45%     85.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94034     10.02%     95.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35947      3.83%     99.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7342      0.78%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       938738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           1103     42.23%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite             0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead         1503     57.54%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            6      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu        348534     24.62%     24.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     24.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     24.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       523939     37.02%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        52409      3.70%     65.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        11620      0.82%     66.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       380982     26.92%     93.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        97952      6.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        1415436                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.462199                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                2612                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1196469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       127343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       125602                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2575751                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1283787                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1282549                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses         129416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1288632                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        21590                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          739                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           28                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          294                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7703                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles            107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles           40432                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         57977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409239                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            6                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        426632                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       109771                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents            195                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         57428                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           28                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           16                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           64                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts           80                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       1415257                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        433366                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               542896                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches              671                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             109530                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.462014                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                1408174                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               1408151                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           1018414                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           1626661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.454673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.626076                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts         1865                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts           80                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       938475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.499564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.477584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       452732     48.24%     48.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        18605      1.98%     50.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12716      1.35%     51.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       454422     48.42%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       938475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        1407303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 535342                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads                425867                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches                671                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1282037                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            599389                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       348169     24.74%     24.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     24.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     24.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       523792     37.22%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        49607      3.52%     65.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        11612      0.83%     66.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       376260     26.74%     93.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        97863      6.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total      1407303                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        454422                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              1893221                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             2818675                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                     242                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   29281                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1407303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.968018                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.968018                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.033039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.033039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          1139022                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes          113368                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2219482                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1184695                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads              3291                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes            37735                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          569161                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes              1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         6861                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3078                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5192386380800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           193                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 10644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       258816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 271168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             3783                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   3783    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               3783                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            3104800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            229200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           4302000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.036453                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36453207600                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5228839588400                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 168686                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   237557                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60882661                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1494980                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   598.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   101000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     142236051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        81408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19003968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19085376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        81408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         81408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      6439488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         6439488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       296937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              298209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        100617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             100617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2233219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    521324988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             523558207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2233219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2233219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       176650792                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            176650792                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       176650792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2233219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    521324988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            700208999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      298209                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     100617                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    298209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   100617                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               19075904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 6437760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19085376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              6439488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             17574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             18975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             18377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             19364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             18507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             18672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             18070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             18247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             18044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             18949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            18171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            19754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            19117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            19101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            18450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            18689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              6057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              6527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              6221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              6451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              6189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              6234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              6109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              6172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              6060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              6282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             6107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             6598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             6336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             6477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             6208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             6562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   36451076400                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                298209                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               100617                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   58681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   54352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   35788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   4232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   5804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   6287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   6318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   6241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   6203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   6178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   6198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   6182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   6205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   6260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   6307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   6288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   6367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   6322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   6401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       273026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     93.449620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.600300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    97.934455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       235058     86.09%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20907      7.66%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6237      2.28%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6160      2.26%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2809      1.03%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          992      0.36%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          416      0.15%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          219      0.08%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          228      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       273026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      49.663978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     45.390219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    176.851739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          6072     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          6074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.560751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.527907                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.080041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             4650     76.56%     76.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               77      1.27%     77.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              865     14.24%     92.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              348      5.73%     97.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              119      1.96%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               12      0.20%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          6074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  11461927350                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             17050571100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1490305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     38454.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                57204.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       523.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       176.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    523.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    176.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    45804                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   79829                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 15.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      91395.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    31.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                977037600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                519292620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1068865140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              260791200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         2908476480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           3528066300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60884160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     12102471420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       912737280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          9360300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            22347982500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            606.615124                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          28634237700                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25119000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1217610000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     27496350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2361378550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    6573957000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  26247646700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                995008980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                528844635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1085208600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              264288600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         2905403280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           3551859240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             61051680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     12107300460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       882682080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         11440080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            22393087635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            607.831150                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          28582343750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24875750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1216298000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     43065350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2290995550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    6627509950                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  26250463000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   10                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            592962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            52623560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            593474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             88.670371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.126961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.873039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         423011866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        423011866                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     40821402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        40821402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11344704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       11344704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     52166106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         52166106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     52166106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        52166106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       468214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        468214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       168043                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       168043                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       636257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         636257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       636257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        636257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24656708400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24656708400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11459902883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11459902883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36116611283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  36116611283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36116611283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  36116611283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     41289616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41289616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11512747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11512747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     52802363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     52802363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     52802363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     52802363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014596                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014596                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52661.194240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52661.194240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68196.252644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68196.252644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56764.186929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56764.186929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56764.186929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56764.186929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     11522646                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            196258                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    58.711726                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       372106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            372106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        43291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        43291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        43295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        43295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        43295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        43295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       424923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       424923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       168039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       168039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       592962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       592962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       592962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       592962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23059263600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23059263600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11325246483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11325246483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34384510083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34384510083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34384510083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34384510083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014596                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014596                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54266.922713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54266.922713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67396.535822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67396.535822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57987.712675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57987.712675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57987.712675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57987.712675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           503.479591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            10310652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           4945.156835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      5193666041600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     0.061717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   503.417874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.983238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          81696820                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         81696820                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10209783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        10209783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10209783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         10209783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10209783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        10209783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2083                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2083                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125549200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125549200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125549200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125549200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125549200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125549200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10211866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10211866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10211866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     10211866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10211866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     10211866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60273.259722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60273.259722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60273.259722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60273.259722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60273.259722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60273.259722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114492800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114492800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114492800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114492800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114492800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114492800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60514.164905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60514.164905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60514.164905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60514.164905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60514.164905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60514.164905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    286326                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16161.388495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      893528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    302710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.951762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              5194216874000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       31.634743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.151296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.257071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    52.042022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 16077.303363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.981281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   9814105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  9814105                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       372106                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           372106                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        63421                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 63421                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          619                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                619                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       232604                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            232604                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        296025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   296644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       296025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  296644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       104618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              104618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1273                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1273                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       192319                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192319                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       296937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 298210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1273                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       296937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                298210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10574269200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   10574269200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    106983600                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    106983600                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20550547200                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  20550547200                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    106983600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31124816400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      31231800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    106983600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31124816400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     31231800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       372106                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       372106                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       168039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            168039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1892                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1892                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       424923                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        424923                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       592962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               594854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       592962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              594854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.622582                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.622582                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.672833                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.672833                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452597                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.452597                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.672833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.501316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.672833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.501316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101075.046359                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101075.046359                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84040.534171                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84040.534171                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106856.562274                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106856.562274                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84040.534171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104819.596076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104730.894336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84040.534171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104819.596076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104730.894336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               100617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    100617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       104618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         104618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1272                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1272                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       192319                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192319                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       296937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            298209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       296937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           298209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9723393600                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9723393600                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96596000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96596000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18993204800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18993204800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28716598400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28813194400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28716598400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28813194400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.622582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.672304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.672304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.672304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.501315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.672304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.501315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92941.879982                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92941.879982                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75940.251572                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75940.251572                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98758.857939                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98758.857939                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75940.251572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96709.397616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96620.807554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75940.251572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96709.397616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96620.807554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        583150                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       284941                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193591                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       100617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           184324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            104618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           104618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193591                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       881359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       881359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 881359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25524864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     25524864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25524864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            298209                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  298209    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              298209                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1204776600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1653961800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups          375289                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted       375289                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        15882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       318264                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           24772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups       318264                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits       209586                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses       108678                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted         6288                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 91133019                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     10274923                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              100362976                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              375289                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       234358                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              80680754                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           34518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          968                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10211866                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          2714                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     90974009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.554694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.864110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         51069096     56.14%     56.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3346109      3.68%     59.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2371038      2.61%     62.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          3402477      3.74%     66.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         30785289     33.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     90974009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.004118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.101280                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          1784827                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      40178904                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          47416812                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1576207                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          17259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141230119                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          17259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          2444486                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        10480813                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles          744                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          48274881                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      29755826                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      141186109                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         256485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        4245126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       24844376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    133811418                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     393005980                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    117100607                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    216214331                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     133434866                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           376560                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts           15                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           15                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts           3606891                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     43171751                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     11534037                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       568427                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       321068                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          141093148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          672                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         142196995                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          131                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       349963                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          602                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     90974009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.563051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.641341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     39325455     43.23%     43.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8446068      9.28%     52.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14639572     16.09%     68.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     14909716     16.39%     84.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9290079     10.21%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3596395      3.95%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       766724      0.84%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     90974009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          2084      0.65%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         146670     46.05%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            33      0.01%     46.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead       169600     53.25%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          127      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        10037      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      35157240     24.72%     24.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult          351      0.00%     24.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv           347      0.00%     24.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     51167293     35.98%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      6551756      4.61%     65.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1215601      0.85%     66.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     37785480     26.57%     92.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite     10308890      7.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      142196995                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.560324                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              318514                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.002240                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    122705866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15577808                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15301052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    252980780                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    125782456                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125665112                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       15929196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       126576276                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1865910                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        63728                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          207                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1360                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            7                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1343112                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          17259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         2420027                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       7597103                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141093820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      43171751                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     11534037                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          231                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          13908                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       7528183                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1360                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9063                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        16988                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     142162209                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      44329223                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        34788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             55849191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           336047                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           11519968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.559942                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              140971444                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             140966164                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         102384781                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         163102893                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.546818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.627731                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       265098                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           70                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        15987                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     90932731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.548713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.465108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     41551401     45.69%     45.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2719304      2.99%     48.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1876650      2.06%     50.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     44785376     49.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     90932731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      140828732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               54620774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              43108025                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches             328663                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          125640570                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          62527704                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        19834                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7672      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     35039484     24.88%     24.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          312      0.00%     24.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          336      0.00%     24.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     51160154     36.33%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6068100      4.31%     65.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      1210708      0.86%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     37039925     26.30%     92.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     10302041      7.32%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    140828732                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      44785376                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            187241185                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           282229201                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    1242                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  159010                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             140828732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.911330                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.911330                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.097297                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.097297                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        119146633                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        13754081                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         216136487                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        115354370                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads           1707141                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes          4484125                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        58965871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1189389                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       594535                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1386                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1386                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36453207600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            426815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       472723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          406565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           168039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          168039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       424923                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1778886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1784243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       221760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     61764352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               61986112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          286326                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   6439488                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           881180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001584                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 879784     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1396      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             881180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          774698800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2271996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         711554799                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
