
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 56.818659                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                56818658524467                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56818658524467                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 102909                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   184820                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              242264747                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1591484                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                234531.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 24135486291                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   43345986122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         745728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1129024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          65472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         155584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         132416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data      224946240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst        2525056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data       41304320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          271003840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       745728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        65472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       132416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst      2525056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       3468672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    227050880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       227050880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           11652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            1023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            2431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            2069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data         3514785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst           39454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data          645380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4234435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       3547670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            3547670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             13125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data             19871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst              1152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data              2738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst              2331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           3959021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst             44441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            726950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               4769628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        13125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         1152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         2331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        44441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            61048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3996062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3996062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3996062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            13125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data            19871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst             1152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data             2738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst             2331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          3959021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst            44441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           726950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              8765690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4234435                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    3547670                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4234435                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  3547670                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              266013696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 4990144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               223218432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               271003840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            227050880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  77971                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 59852                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            196473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            273107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            232807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            290504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            288006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            311112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            314037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            259705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            262954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            235754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           250545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           243812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           296603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           235991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           301507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           163547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            166606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            230664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            196645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            244206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            244573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            264181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            239250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            225163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            221468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            200356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           214834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           207781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           258048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           205845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           229517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           138651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  56818658491980                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               4234435                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              3547670                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4054553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   90495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    7384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    3591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 156044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 158472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 193731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 196958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 197875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 198374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 198451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 198518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 198554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 198615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 198675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 198776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 198884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 198976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 199124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 199638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 199028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 198885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      3595753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    136.058040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.525096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   122.463293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1852944     51.53%     51.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1263610     35.14%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       303508      8.44%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        86830      2.41%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        39912      1.11%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        19849      0.55%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11009      0.31%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6855      0.19%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11236      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      3595753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       198198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.971206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.969628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     58.417735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        198174     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        198198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       198198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.597493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.577912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.811974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            39587     19.97%     19.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             2421      1.22%     21.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18           154453     77.93%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1669      0.84%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               55      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               12      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        198198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 282965794676                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            360899494676                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                20782320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     68078.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                86828.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         4.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      4.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2168994                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1879499                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 52.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                53.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    7301194.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    52.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              13400423400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               7122486360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             15463462140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             9454923360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         734317783680.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         316298853900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          38195137920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    1826624612880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    1040575818240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     11971052922060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           15972672454740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            281.116676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         56025185685072                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  71152078361                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  312125792000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 49309595663748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 2709832811717                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  410194908660                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 4005757269981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              12273295860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               6523396275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             14213690820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             8751330000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         663163984080.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         292707223650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          35127040320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    1613525841870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    947272281600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     12145847971785                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           15739546161870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            277.013688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         56084968025006                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65945088277                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  281914848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 50079679317482                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 2466854160685                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  385830300549                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 3538434809474                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                    258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted              258                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups                 234                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups            234                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits                45                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses             189                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           88                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       833                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock               13328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 102                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        46159405                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   11662611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     23226372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.discardedOps                      4932214                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu0.numFetchSuspends                        0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.957896                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.252659                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu0.op_class_0::No_OpClass             130288      0.56%      0.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::IntAlu               18384574     79.15%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::IntMult                   578      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::IntDiv                    560      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatAdd               155345      0.67%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::MemRead               2732068     11.76%     92.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::MemWrite              1788266      7.70%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            30963      0.13%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            3730      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::total                23226372                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.tickCycles                       35802872                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       10356533                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           108823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          383.999645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4851388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           109207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            44.423782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        113852774                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   383.999645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         29946175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        29946175                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3091917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3091917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1759471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1759471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4851388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4851388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4851388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4851388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        88844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        88844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        32596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       121440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        121440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       121440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       121440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2608396224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2608396224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2186309293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2186309293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4794705517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4794705517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4794705517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4794705517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3180761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3180761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1792067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1792067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4972828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4972828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4972828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4972828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29359.283958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29359.283958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67072.932047                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67072.932047                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39482.094178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39482.094178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39482.094178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39482.094178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        63302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            63302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         9523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         9523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        86134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       109207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       109207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       109207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       109207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2385200538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2385200538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1522868109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1522868109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3908068647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3908068647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3908068647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3908068647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012875                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012875                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27691.742378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27691.742378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66002.171759                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66002.171759                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35785.880456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35785.880456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35785.880456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35785.880456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           451347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            4261920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           451859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.431969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        286685280                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.999460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         38162091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        38162091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4261920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4261920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4261920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4261920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       451859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       451859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       451859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        451859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       451859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       451859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10888694446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10888694446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10888694446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10888694446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10888694446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10888694446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4713779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4713779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4713779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4713779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4713779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4713779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.095859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.095859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.095859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24097.549116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24097.549116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24097.549116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24097.549116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24097.549116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24097.549116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       451347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           451347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       451859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       451859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       451859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       451859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       451859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       451859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10135897352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10135897352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10135897352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10135897352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10135897352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10135897352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.095859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.095859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.095859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22431.549116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22431.549116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22431.549116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22431.549116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22431.549116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22431.549116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                     18                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted               18                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect               11                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                  11                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups             11                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses              11                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            4                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock               13328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                       958108158                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  252905492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    409459607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.discardedOps                    137057766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu1.numFetchSuspends                        0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu1.cpi                              3.788404                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.263963                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu1.op_class_0::No_OpClass             294370      0.07%      0.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IntAlu              363078416     88.67%     88.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IntMult                 31165      0.01%     88.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IntDiv                   2828      0.00%     88.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatAdd              2370841      0.58%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                 110      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::MemRead              29359880      7.17%     96.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::MemWrite             13388484      3.27%     99.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           613226      0.15%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          320287      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::total               409459607                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.tickCycles                      833572660                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      124535498                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          6960237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          383.999577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           37003376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          6960621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.316103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        125897954                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   383.999577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        271130697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       271130697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     23432427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       23432427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     13570949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13570949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     37003376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        37003376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     37003376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       37003376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      6887147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6887147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       137823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      7024970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       7024970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      7024970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      7024970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 149418107174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149418107174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2946986567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2946986567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 152365093741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 152365093741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 152365093741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 152365093741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     30319574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30319574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     13708772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13708772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     44028346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44028346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     44028346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44028346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.227152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.159556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.159556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21695.210974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21695.210974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21382.400376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21382.400376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21689.073938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21689.073938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21689.073938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21689.073938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6959621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          6959621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         3068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        61281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        61281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        64349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        64349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        64349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        64349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      6884079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6884079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        76542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      6960621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6960621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      6960621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6960621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 137880953882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 137880953882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1730691613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1730691613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 139611645495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 139611645495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 139611645495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 139611645495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.227051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.158094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.158094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20028.961591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20028.961591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22611.005892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22611.005892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20057.354867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20057.354867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20057.354867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20057.354867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.776008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          129126016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         119894.165274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     798067561900                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   511.776008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.999563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1033017821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1033017821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst    129126016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      129126016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    129126016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       129126016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    129126016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      129126016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    121959530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121959530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    121959530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    121959530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    121959530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    121959530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst    129127093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129127093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    129127093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    129127093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    129127093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    129127093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 113240.046425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113240.046425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 113240.046425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113240.046425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 113240.046425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113240.046425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120165248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120165248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120165248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120165248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120165248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120165248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 111574.046425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111574.046425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 111574.046425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111574.046425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 111574.046425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111574.046425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                    334                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted              334                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect              216                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                 321                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups            321                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits               160                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses             161                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted          206                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock               13328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                 217                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                     68209674099                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                23538771449                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                  42256525089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.discardedOps                   8784428237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu2.numFetchSuspends                        0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu2.cpi                              2.897758                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.345094                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu2.op_class_0::No_OpClass           30943538      0.07%      0.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IntAlu            31502213389     74.55%     74.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IntMult             300788627      0.71%     75.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IntDiv                    505      0.00%     75.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatAdd             23638336      0.06%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::MemRead            8004426127     18.94%     94.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::MemWrite           2392997249      5.66%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          1386141      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          131177      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::total             42256525089                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.tickCycles                    60290262895                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu2.idleCycles                     7919411204                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements        472196051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          383.999417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs        11183412442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        472196435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.683814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        172866659                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   383.999417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      70439276573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses     70439276573                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data   8936656986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     8936656986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data   2246755456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    2246755456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data  11183412442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total     11183412442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data  11183412442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total    11183412442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data    331329580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    331329580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data    146372977                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total    146372977                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data        65024                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65024                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data    477702557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total     477702557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data    477767581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total    477767581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 7483418373991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 7483418373991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3538312159613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 3538312159613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11021730533604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 11021730533604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11021730533604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 11021730533604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data   9267986566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   9267986566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data   2393128433                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   2393128433                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data        65024                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65024                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data  11661114999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total  11661114999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data  11661180023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total  11661180023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.061164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22586.025594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22586.025594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24173.260886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24173.260886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23072.370813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23072.370813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23069.230672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23069.230672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1547303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            30830                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    50.188226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks    326958643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total        326958643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        88366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        88366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      5482780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      5482780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      5571146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      5571146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      5571146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      5571146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data    331241214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    331241214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data    140890197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total    140890197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        65024                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65024                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data    472131411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    472131411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data    472196435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    472196435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 6929356986398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 6929356986398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3005580151854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3005580151854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6675974680                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6675974680                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 9934937138252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 9934937138252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 9941613112932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 9941613112932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.058873                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058873                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20919.368404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20919.368404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21332.784082                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21332.784082                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 102669.394070                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102669.394070                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21042.737057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21042.737057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21053.977489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21053.977489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             1791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         8290026962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         3599664.334347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       2223259507                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.999578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      66320236423                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     66320236423                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst   8290026962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8290026962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst   8290026962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      8290026962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst   8290026962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     8290026962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         2303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         2303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         2303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    253123710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    253123710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    253123710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    253123710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    253123710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    253123710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst   8290029265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8290029265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst   8290029265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   8290029265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst   8290029265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   8290029265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 109910.425532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109910.425532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 109910.425532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109910.425532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 109910.425532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109910.425532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             1791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    249286912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249286912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    249286912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249286912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    249286912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249286912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 108244.425532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108244.425532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 108244.425532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108244.425532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 108244.425532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108244.425532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                    187                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted              187                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect              128                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                 177                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups            177                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                69                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses             108                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted          118                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock               13328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                 128                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1168999964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  332146739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    656775054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.discardedOps                    140301851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu3.numFetchSuspends                        0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu3.cpi                              3.519529                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.284129                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu3.op_class_0::No_OpClass             464932      0.07%      0.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::IntAlu              523002644     79.63%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::IntMult                527329      0.08%     79.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::IntDiv                 313408      0.05%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatAdd              1049792      0.16%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::MemRead              95228028     14.50%     94.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::MemWrite             35017681      5.33%     99.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           646903      0.10%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          524337      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::total               656775054                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.tickCycles                      920445646                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu3.idleCycles                      248554318                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          6388341                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          383.999361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          140476015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          6388725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            21.988114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        260348319                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   383.999361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        891678897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       891678897                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data    106188473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      106188473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     34287542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      34287542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data    140476015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       140476015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data    140476015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      140476015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data      5816215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5816215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data      1256132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1256132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      7072347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       7072347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      7072347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      7072347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 147496699378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 147496699378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 112424022396                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 112424022396                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 259920721774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 259920721774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 259920721774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 259920721774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data    112004688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    112004688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     35543674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35543674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data    147548362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    147548362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data    147548362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    147548362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.051928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.035341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.047932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.047932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 25359.567928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25359.567928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89500.165903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89500.165903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 36751.692440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36751.692440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 36751.692440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36751.692440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4589869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          4589869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       124545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       124545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       559077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       559077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       683622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       683622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       683622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       683622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      5691670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5691670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       697055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       697055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      6388725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6388725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      6388725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6388725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 134718457720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 134718457720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  60369199324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60369199324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 195087657044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 195087657044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 195087657044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 195087657044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.050816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.019611                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019611                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.043299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.043299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 23669.407699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23669.407699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 86606.077460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86606.077460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 30536.242684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30536.242684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 30536.242684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30536.242684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          4153820                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          121039611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          4154332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            29.135758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        289192610                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   511.999491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1005705876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1005705876                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst    121039611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      121039611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst    121039611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       121039611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst    121039611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      121039611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst      4154332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4154332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst      4154332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       4154332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst      4154332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      4154332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  93893340968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93893340968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  93893340968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  93893340968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  93893340968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  93893340968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst    125193943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    125193943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst    125193943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    125193943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst    125193943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    125193943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.033183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.033183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.033183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22601.308939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22601.308939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22601.308939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22601.308939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22601.308939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22601.308939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4153820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          4153820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      4154332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4154332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      4154332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4154332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      4154332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4154332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  86972223856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  86972223856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  86972223856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  86972223856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  86972223856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  86972223856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.033183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.033183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.033183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20935.308939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20935.308939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20935.308939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20935.308939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20935.308939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20935.308939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4230896                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16383.855220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   976276288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4247280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    229.859178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                2760549000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       57.837298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         3.559740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         3.622135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         0.145422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data         8.401797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        32.639310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     14959.863992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       305.536312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      1012.249214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.000221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.000513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.001992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.913078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.018648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.061783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          703                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                7848443016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               7848443016                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks    338571435                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total        338571435                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4606743                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4606743                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             12020                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             74330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         139294969                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data            233063                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             139614382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         440207                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst             54                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst            234                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst        4114878                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4555373                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         79546                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       6883860                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data     329386681                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       5510282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         341860369                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               440207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                91566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data              6958190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                  234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data            468681650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              4114878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data              5743345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                486030124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              440207                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               91566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data             6958190                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                 234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data           468681650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             4114878                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data             5743345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               486030124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           11053                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            2212                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data         1595228                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data          463994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             2072487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        11652                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1023                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         2069                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst        39454                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            54198                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6588                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          219                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data      1919557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       181386                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2107750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              11652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               2431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               2069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data            3514785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst              39454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data             645380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4234435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             11652                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17641                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              2431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              2069                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data           3514785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst             39454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data            645380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4234435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1252199753                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    230007127                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 216757095800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  54520834606                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  272760137286                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1251651639                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    116481722                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    239381709                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   4324266268                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   5931781338                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    771637055                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32905999                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 334004075741                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  23848341846                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 358656960641                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1251651639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2023836808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    116481722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    262913126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    239381709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 550761171541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   4324266268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  78369176452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     637348879265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1251651639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2023836808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    116481722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    262913126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    239381709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 550761171541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   4324266268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  78369176452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    637348879265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks    338571435                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total    338571435                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4606743                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4606743                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         23073                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         76542                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data     140890197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        697057                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         141686869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       451859                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         2303                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      4154332                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4609571                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        86134                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      6884079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data    331306238                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data      5691668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     343968119                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           451859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           109207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          6960621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             2303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        472196435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst          4154332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data          6388725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            490264559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          451859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          109207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         6960621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            2303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       472196435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         4154332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         6388725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           490264559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.479045                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011322                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.665647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.014627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.025787                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.949861                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.898393                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.011758                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005794                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031869                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.025787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.161537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.949861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.898393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.007443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.009497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.101019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.008637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.025787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.161537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.949861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.898393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.007443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.009497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.101019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.008637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113290.487017                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 103981.522152                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 135878.442329                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 117503.318159                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131610.059453                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107419.467817                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 113862.875855                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 115699.231029                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 109602.734019                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109446.498727                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117127.664693                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 150255.703196                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 174000.603129                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 131478.404320                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170161.053560                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107419.467817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114723.474179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 113862.875855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108150.195804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 115699.231029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 156698.395931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 109602.734019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 121431.058372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150515.683737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107419.467817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114723.474179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 113862.875855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108150.195804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 115699.231029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 156698.395931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 109602.734019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 121431.058372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150515.683737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              3547671                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   3547671                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          899                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           899                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11053                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1595228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       463994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        2072487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11652                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1023                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2069                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        39454                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        54198                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6588                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          219                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1919557                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       181386                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2107750                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         11652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          2431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          2069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       3514785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         39454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        645380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4234435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3514785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        39454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       645380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4234435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1063310142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    192178533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 189493855363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  46580413251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 237329757289                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1052544674                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     98998818                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    204025228                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   3649978294                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5005547014                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    659141264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     29170043                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 301202606423                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  20750522553                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 322641440283                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1052544674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1722451406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     98998818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    221348576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    204025228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 490696461786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   3649978294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  67330935804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 564976744586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1052544674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1722451406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     98998818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    221348576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    204025228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 490696461786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   3649978294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  67330935804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 564976744586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.479045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.665647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.025787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.949861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.898393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.009497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.025787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.161537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.949861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.898393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.009497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.101019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.008637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.025787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.161537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.949861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.898393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.009497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.101019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.008637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96201.044241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86879.987794                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 118787.944647                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 100390.119810                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114514.473330                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90331.674734                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 96773.038123                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98610.550024                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 92512.249556                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92356.673936                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100051.800850                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 133196.543379                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 156912.561817                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114399.802372                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153073.865631                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90331.674734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97639.102432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 96773.038123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 91052.478815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98610.550024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 139609.239765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 92512.249556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 104327.583445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133424.351675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90331.674734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97639.102432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 96773.038123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 91052.478815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98610.550024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 139609.239765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 92512.249556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 104327.583445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133424.351675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       8449662                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4215228                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2161948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3547670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           667557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2072487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2072487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2161948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12684097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     12684097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               12684097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    498054720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    498054720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               498054720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4234435                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4234435    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4234435                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy         26874765305                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        22760557037                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    980525534                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    490260978                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1067                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          16567                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        16564                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 56818658524467                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         348577690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty    342119106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4607523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       147765242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        141686869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       141686869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4609571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    343968119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1355065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       327237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20881479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1416588921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12462484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19165791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total            1470790093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     57805184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11040576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       105088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    890895488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       262016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  51145924992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    531721728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    702630016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            53340385088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4230896                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 227050944                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        494495455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              494477818    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  17634      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          494495455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       1388513913850                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1129353720                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         273135429                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           2693919                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       17395084420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy           5761021                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy      1180025920631                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy      10382065040                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      15970834271                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
