
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000255                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   255063300                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                86750128800                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 202242                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   328694                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51583234                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1288472                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1000018                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1625287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst              64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data              64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              37504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst                1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data                1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             250918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             250918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     13800496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    132735678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             147038010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        250918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     13800496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         14051414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            250918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            250918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     13800496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    132735678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            147038010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         584                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  37376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   37376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     246619200                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples           70                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    533.942857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   305.291303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   443.121859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           18     25.71%     25.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           13     18.57%     44.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383            4      5.71%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511            3      4.29%     54.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            1      1.43%     55.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      1.43%     57.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      1.43%     58.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           29     41.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total           70                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     13892850                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                24842850                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    2920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23789.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42539.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       146.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    146.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      514                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     422293.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   414120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   220110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 3827040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         16595280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy              7254960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              1013280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy        39034740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        23169120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         25601580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              117130230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            459.237435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            231777450                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1989600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       7062000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     90566850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     60336600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       9494550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     85603200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                    85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                    45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                  342720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         11678160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy              2536500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              3669600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy        20838630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        21457440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         35967000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy               96621270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            378.827090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            235209450                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9154250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       4970000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    138357950                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     55878650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        991500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     45700450                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       255063300                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                               26                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                          16                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                            23                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    23                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            3                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                           23                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  45                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 19                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads                   18                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes                  14                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             3                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           2                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          1                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         26                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 3                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                        20     86.96%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        2      8.70%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       1      4.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                         23                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              5602                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           496.155304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               29059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              5602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              5.187255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       86509704400                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.052624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   496.102680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.968951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1541034                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1541034                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       107314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          107315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        61385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          61386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data             2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       168699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           168701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       168699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          168701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         22945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        23163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          23164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        23163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         23164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315024000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315024000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2653197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2653197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    317677197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    317677197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    317677197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    317677197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       130258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        61604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       191862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       191865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       191862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       191865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.176143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.176148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003555                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003555                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13730.125523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13729.527130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12115.054795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12115.054795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13714.855459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13714.263383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13714.855459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13714.263383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               220                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    35.454545                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              5443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        17046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        17050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        17050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2445997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2445997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96643997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96643997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96643997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96643997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15971.176670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15971.176670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11376.730233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11376.730233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15809.585637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15809.585637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15809.585637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15809.585637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse            42.477994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                   0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs                   nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     0.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    41.477996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.081012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.082965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             18216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            18216                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            2201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             2201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            2201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     11614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     11614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     11614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         2270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         2270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 170794.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168318.840580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 170794.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168318.840580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 170794.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168318.840580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          110                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10326800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10326800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10326800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10326800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10326800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10326800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.024434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.024434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.024434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       187760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       187760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       187760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       187760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       187760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       187760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   552.649404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    41.479837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   509.169572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.031077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.033731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.035767                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     94762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    94762                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5443                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             5443                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5372                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              5372                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5584                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5584                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               56                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       392400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        392400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10256400                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     10256400                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     41792800                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     41792800                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10256400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     42185200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         52441600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10256400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     42185200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        52441600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5443                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5443                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             56                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5896                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          5897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023041                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023041                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089028                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.094976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.094976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78480                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        78480                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       186480                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       183150                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79757.251908                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79605.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       186480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79745.179584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89490.784983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       186480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79745.179584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89490.784983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       351800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       351800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      9810000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9810000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37549800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37549800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      9810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37901600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47711600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      9810000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37901600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47711600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.094652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.094652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        70360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 178363.636364                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178363.636364                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71659.923664                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71659.923664                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 178363.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71647.637051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81697.945205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 178363.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71647.637051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81697.945205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           586                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         1172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        37504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        37504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   37504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     586    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              812600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3053800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups          234675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted       234675                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         3744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       210133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS             758                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          127                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups       210133                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits       207646                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses         2487                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted          511                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    255063300                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   637632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles         4028                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                1113634                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              234675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       208404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                625828                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles            7612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           55                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          608                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines              2251                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes           130                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       634338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.844400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.373080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0            30602      4.82%      4.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           149939     23.64%     28.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            21575      3.40%     31.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           117666     18.55%     50.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           314556     49.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       634338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.368041                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.746515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles            10092                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles         31035                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            581929                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          7469                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles           3806                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        1749082                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles           3806                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles            14147                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles           25792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            582335                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles          8251                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        1738206                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           1337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents             76                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents           3374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands      2457257                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       4517470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      2584224                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          126                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       2298142                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           159072                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts             11095                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads       131515                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        64223                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          145                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores           20                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            1716864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           1699059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          107                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        91579                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        88173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       634338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.678476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0        56131      8.85%      8.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        28921      4.56%     13.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       173562     27.36%     40.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       201899     31.83%     72.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       155848     24.57%     97.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13937      2.20%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         4040      0.64%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       634338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead            124     92.54%     92.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            10      7.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           41      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       1503944     88.52%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           11      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132196      7.78%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        62799      3.70%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            5      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           63      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        1699059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.664639                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                 134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.000079                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4032531                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1808266                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1687724                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          186                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           75                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        1699071                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              81                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          654                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         6228                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2619                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1208                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles           3806                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles           20794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles           201                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1716864                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        131515                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        64223                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents             42                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         2662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4036                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       1690962                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        131957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               194690                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           217988                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores              62733                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.651940                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                1688127                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               1687799                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           1240773                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           1671747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.646980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.742201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        91579                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3800                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       620692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.618471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.950874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        63541     10.24%     10.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        16749      2.70%     12.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12691      2.04%     14.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       527711     85.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       620692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        1625264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 186889                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads                125285                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches             212152                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           1625263                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls          300                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      1438374     88.50%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       125285      7.71%     96.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        61604      3.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total      1625264                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        527711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              1809824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             3447361                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                      25                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                    3294                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1625264                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.637631                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.637631                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.568306                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.568306                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          2503511                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         1407331                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                78                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               68                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads           1236301                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes           976064                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          635750                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes              1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11772                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5602                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  86750128800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              5953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             159                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            56                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       739648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 743232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             6170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   6170    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               6170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            9062400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             66798                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7335600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.023209                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23209263200                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               109959392000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 201293                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   326279                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46255961                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1290576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   501.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   101000016                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163712642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         4672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total               5056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         4672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                  79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       201299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        16545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                217844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       201299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           201299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       201299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        16545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               217844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                          79                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                        79                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                   5056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                    5056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   21113257200                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                    79                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                      70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples           50                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    101.120000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.047416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.676630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-95           37     74.00%     74.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5     10.00%     84.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      8.00%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      4.00%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-415            2      4.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total           50                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     21092450                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                22573700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                     395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                    266993.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               285743.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       29                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 36.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                  267256420.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   728280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   387090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 4348260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         77444640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             19414200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              4934880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       158650380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       120752640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       5480731080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             5867391450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            250.005534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          21084099350                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8148000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      25926000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22660674900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    249389550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       2810350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    262314400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   128520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                    68310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                  385560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         23356320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy              4777740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              4440000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy        41339820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        41634720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       5585576340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             5701707330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            242.945860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          15063816300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       4982000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23109567300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     47817900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        317000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     44959000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            518969                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            16049217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            519481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             30.894714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         143349201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        143349201                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10358523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        10358523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5551052                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5551052                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     15909575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         15909575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     15909575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        15909575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1924865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1924865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        19339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1944204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1944204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1944204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1944204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16255588800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16255588800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    201879316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    201879316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16457468116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16457468116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16457468116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16457468116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12283388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12283388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5570391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5570391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17853779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17853779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17853779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17853779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.156705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8445.053965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8445.053965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10438.973887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10438.973887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8464.887489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8464.887489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8464.887489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8464.887489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        35724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              7445                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.798388                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       506906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            506906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1424720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1424720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1425234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1425234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1425234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1425234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       500145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       500145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       518970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       518970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       518970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       518970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4821246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4821246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    183148121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183148121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5004394121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5004394121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5004394121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5004394121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9639.696488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9639.696488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9728.983851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9728.983851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9642.935278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9642.935278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9642.935278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9642.935278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           121.155424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              750978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           5821.534884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   120.155424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.234679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.236632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.251953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           5990977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          5990977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       748777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          748777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       748777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           748777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       748777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          748777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           86                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            86                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25770400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25770400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25770400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     25770400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25770400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     25770400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       748863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       748863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       748863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       748863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       748863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       748863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 299655.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 299655.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 299655.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 299655.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 299655.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 299655.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22744400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22744400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22744400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22744400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22744400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22744400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 311567.123288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311567.123288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 311567.123288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311567.123288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 311567.123288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311567.123288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   655.477836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1049119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1577.622556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                 1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data                 1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   120.155451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   533.322385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.007334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.032551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.040007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           665                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          659                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.040588                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   8304175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  8304175                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       506906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           506906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        18991                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 18991                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       499973                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            499973                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        518964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   518964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       518964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  518964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               73                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total               6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    79                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22650400                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     22650400                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3662400                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      3662400                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22650400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3662400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         26312800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22650400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3662400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        26312800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       506906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       506906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             18991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             73                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       499979                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        499979                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       518970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               519043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       518970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              519043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.000152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.000152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310279.452055                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 310279.452055                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       610400                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total       610400                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310279.452055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       610400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333073.417722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310279.452055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       610400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333073.417722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22057000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22057000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3613600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3613600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3613600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25670600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3613600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25670600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.000152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 302150.684932                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302150.684932                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 602266.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 602266.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 302150.684932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 602266.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324944.303797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 302150.684932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 602266.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324944.303797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            79                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total          158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total         5056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                    5056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples                79                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                      79    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                  79                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              109600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy             425750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        22128340                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     22128340                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       158162                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     20335386                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          154725                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         9425                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups     20335386                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits     19786525                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses       548861                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted        26977                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 58023158                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       777259                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              104613939                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            22128340                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     19941250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              57070132                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          316732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           35                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          310                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            748863                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          4895                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     58006102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.922236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.293125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          1005254      1.73%      1.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         14114520     24.33%     26.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2553761      4.40%     30.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         11044769     19.04%     49.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         29287798     50.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     58006102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.381371                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.802969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           359495                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        392759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          56844033                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles        251449                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         158366                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      167028422                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         158366                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           516563                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          384755                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          56869004                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         77414                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      166562519                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           1085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents           6535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents            149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    236516475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     430968030                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    245987833                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups         5462                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     230171084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          6345306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            215725                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     12540915                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5693683                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15454                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         5736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          165657610                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           26                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         164883470                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9240                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      3570215                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3645324                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     58006102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.842519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.118104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1731629      2.99%      2.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2894278      4.99%      7.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19256794     33.20%     41.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     15718657     27.10%     68.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     16219064     27.96%     96.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1670703      2.88%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       514977      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     58006102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           5654      6.61%      6.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         79882     93.35%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           23      0.03%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           11      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        98680      0.06%      0.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     146582489     88.90%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult           36      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv          1176      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         1038      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12552885      7.61%     96.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5644706      3.42%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          362      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         2098      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      164883470                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.841684                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               85570                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.000519                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    387860740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169219856                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    164382403                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         7113                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         8218                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         2908                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      164866794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            3566                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       213794                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275097                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          629                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          224                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       123292                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        41111                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         158366                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          385152                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles             0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    165657636                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      12540915                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5693683                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           10                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents              0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          224                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       101665                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       173327                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     164530786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12535959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       352685                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             18176981                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         21462487                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5641022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.835606                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              164398028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             164385311                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         123192537                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         166231859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.833098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.741089                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      3570215                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       158191                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     57462584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.820746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.637602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2124654      3.70%      3.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1079340      1.88%      5.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1767755      3.08%      8.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     52490835     91.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     57462584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     99999998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      162087355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               17836203                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              12265812                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           21244359                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         161990768                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       124441                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        96540      0.06%      0.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    144153401     88.94%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           35      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv         1176      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     89.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     12265812      7.57%     96.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5570391      3.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    162087355                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      52490835                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            170629319                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           331859288                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                      34                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   17056                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            99999998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             162087355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.580232                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.580232                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.723450                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.723450                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        242401601                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       137197319                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              2915                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              847                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads         121380988                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         96065147                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61264633                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1038012                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       518969                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209263200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            500051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       506906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           12063                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            18991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           18991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            73                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       499979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1556908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1557054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     65656000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               65660672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           519043                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 519043    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             519043                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          820729600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             87600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         622762800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
