
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.052555                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52554874638                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                52554874638                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  51756                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   103067                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               58288297                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4725312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   901.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    46665192                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      92928740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        1862912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1915840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst        1935360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data        1984960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst        1992960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        1959232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst        1995776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data        1943360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           15590400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1862912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1935360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1992960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1995776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       7787008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4400064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4400064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           29108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           29935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst           30240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           31015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           31140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data           30613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst           31184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           30365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              243600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         68751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              68751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          35446988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          36454088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst          36825509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          37769284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          37921506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          37279739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst          37975088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          36977731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             296649932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     35446988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst     36825509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     37921506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst     37975088                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        148169091                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        83723233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             83723233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        83723233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         35446988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         36454088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst         36825509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         37769284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         37921506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         37279739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst         37975088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         36977731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            380373165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      243600                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      68751                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    243600                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    68751                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               15540672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   49728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4397696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                15590400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              4400064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    777                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             14469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             15197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             15270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             15638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             17172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             17140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            22007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            14918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            16073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            17836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            14341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              4573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              4266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              4235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              4855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              5392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             5701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             4514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             4841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             4173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             3459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   52554769680                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                243600                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                68751                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  178292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   50132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   11306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                     170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   4069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   4166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   4175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   4172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   4181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   4188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   4167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   4182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   4172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   4184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   4177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   4214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   4158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   4141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       160981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.845870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    96.547689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   123.590262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       100922     62.69%     62.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41760     25.94%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10475      6.51%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3831      2.38%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1707      1.06%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          889      0.55%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          520      0.32%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          273      0.17%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          604      0.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       160981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      58.885492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     49.056422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    154.719001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          4119     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          4122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.670063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.642132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.981420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2765     67.08%     67.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               64      1.55%     68.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1192     28.92%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               91      2.21%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.22%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          4122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   6150885399                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             10703816649                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1214115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25330.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44080.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       295.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        83.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    296.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     83.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   121215                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   29336                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                42.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     168255.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                515250960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                273843405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               790026720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              168652980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         3959510880.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           3395116650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            125148480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     14688352800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2945377440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1367901300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            28230034575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            537.153491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          44782524112                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    131927713                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1677110000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4900096004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   7670332089                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    5963252597                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  32212156235                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                634189080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                337079490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               943729500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              190034100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         4024048080.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           3569416950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            119345760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     15502490070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2624331360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1013671710                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            28958789010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            551.020034                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          44414180184                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    114504640                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1704014000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3584505382                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6834323049                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    6320345808                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  33997181759                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                    247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted              247                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups                 226                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups            226                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits                44                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses             182                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           88                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       833                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock               13328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 102                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        62796176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   11666298                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     23232185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.discardedOps                      4921819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu0.numFetchSuspends                        0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.382699                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.185780                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu0.op_class_0::No_OpClass             130315      0.56%      0.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::IntAlu               18389059     79.15%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::IntMult                   578      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::IntDiv                    560      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatAdd               155461      0.67%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::MemRead               2732500     11.76%     92.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::MemWrite              1788957      7.70%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            31025      0.13%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            3730      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class_0::total                23232185                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.tickCycles                       38432751                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       24363425                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           329698                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          127.952744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4617008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           329826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.998314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         50293208                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   127.952744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         40079298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        40079298                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2903547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2903547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1713461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1713461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4617008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4617008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4617008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4617008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       272382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       272382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        79294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        79294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       351676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        351676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       351676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       351676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7708032220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7708032220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3385677687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3385677687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11093709907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11093709907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11093709907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11093709907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3175929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3175929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1792755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1792755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4968684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4968684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4968684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4968684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044230                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044230                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.070778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.070778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28298.610848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28298.610848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42697.778987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42697.778987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31545.257302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31545.257302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31545.257302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31545.257302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       189934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           189934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        21850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        21850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       268345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       268345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        61481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        61481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       329826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       329826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       329826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       329826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7117615148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7117615148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2441190633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2441190633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9558805781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9558805781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9558805781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9558805781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034294                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034294                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26524.120621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26524.120621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39706.423659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39706.423659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28981.359205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28981.359205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28981.359205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28981.359205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1040449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          127.977011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            3559081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1040577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             3.420296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle         19415564                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   127.977011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         37837841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        37837841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3559081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3559081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3559081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3559081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3559081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3559081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1040577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1040577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1040577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1040577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1040577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1040577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25694916254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25694916254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25694916254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  25694916254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25694916254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  25694916254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4599658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4599658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4599658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4599658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4599658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4599658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.226229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.226229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.226229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24692.950405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24692.950405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24692.950405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24692.950405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24692.950405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24692.950405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1040449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1040449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1040577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1040577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1040577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1040577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1040577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1040577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  23961314972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23961314972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  23961314972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23961314972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  23961314972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23961314972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.226229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.226229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.226229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23026.950405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23026.950405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23026.950405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23026.950405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23026.950405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23026.950405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                    246                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted              246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect              102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                 225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups            225                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                43                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses             182                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted           88                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock               13328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                 102                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        63060392                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   11666298                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     23232185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.discardedOps                      4921524                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu1.numFetchSuspends                        0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu1.cpi                              5.405347                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.185002                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu1.op_class_0::No_OpClass             130315      0.56%      0.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IntAlu               18389059     79.15%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IntMult                   578      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IntDiv                    560      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatAdd               155461      0.67%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::MemRead               2732500     11.76%     92.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::MemWrite              1788957      7.70%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            31025      0.13%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            3730      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::total                23232185                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.tickCycles                       38433604                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu1.idleCycles                       24626788                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           329694                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          127.952470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            4616989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           329822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.998426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         50700545                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   127.952470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.999629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         40079398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        40079398                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2903549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2903549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1713440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1713440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4616989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         4616989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4616989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        4616989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       272393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       272393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        79315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        79315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       351708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        351708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       351708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       351708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7830427409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7830427409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3408003753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3408003753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11238431162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11238431162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11238431162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11238431162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3175942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3175942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1792755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1792755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4968697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4968697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4968697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4968697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.085768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044242                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044242                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.070785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.070785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28746.801162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28746.801162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42967.960071                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42967.960071                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 31953.868442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31953.868442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 31953.868442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31953.868442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       190133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           190133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         4050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        17836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        21886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        21886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       268343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       268343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        61479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        61479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       329822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       329822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       329822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       329822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7233020634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7233020634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2458483713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2458483713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9691504347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9691504347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9691504347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9691504347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.084492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034293                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034293                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.066380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.066380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26954.385372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26954.385372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39988.999707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39988.999707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29384.044566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29384.044566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29384.044566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29384.044566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          1040305                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          127.976897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            3559131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1040433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs             3.420817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle         19502196                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   127.976897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.999820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         37836945                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        37836945                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      3559131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3559131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      3559131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         3559131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      3559131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        3559131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      1040433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1040433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      1040433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       1040433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      1040433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      1040433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  25802483210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25802483210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  25802483210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  25802483210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  25802483210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  25802483210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      4599564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4599564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      4599564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      4599564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      4599564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      4599564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.226203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.226203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.226203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24799.754727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24799.754727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24799.754727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24799.754727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24799.754727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24799.754727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1040305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          1040305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      1040433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1040433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      1040433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1040433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      1040433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1040433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  24069121832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24069121832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  24069121832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24069121832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  24069121832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24069121832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.226203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.226203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.226203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23133.754727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23133.754727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23133.754727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23133.754727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23133.754727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23133.754727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                    247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted              247                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect              101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                 226                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups            226                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                43                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses             183                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted           87                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock               13328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                 102                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        63091086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   11666298                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     23232185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.discardedOps                      4921533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu2.numFetchSuspends                        0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu2.cpi                              5.407978                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.184912                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu2.op_class_0::No_OpClass             130315      0.56%      0.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IntAlu               18389059     79.15%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IntMult                   578      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IntDiv                    560      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatAdd               155461      0.67%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::MemRead               2732500     11.76%     92.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::MemWrite              1788957      7.70%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            31025      0.13%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            3730      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::total                23232185                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.tickCycles                       38433471                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       24657615                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           329699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          127.952709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            4617020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           329827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.998308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         50165759                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   127.952709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.999631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         40079563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        40079563                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2903559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2903559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1713461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1713461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      4617020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         4617020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      4617020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        4617020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       272403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       272403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        79294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        79294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       351697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        351697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       351697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       351697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7781137133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7781137133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3381804237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3381804237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11162941370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11162941370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11162941370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11162941370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3175962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3175962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1792755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1792755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      4968717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4968717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      4968717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4968717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.085770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.044230                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044230                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28564.799701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28564.799701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 42648.929768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42648.929768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31740.223459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31740.223459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31740.223459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31740.223459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       192158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           192158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         4056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        17814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        21870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        21870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       268347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       268347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        61480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        61480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       329827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       329827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       329827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       329827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7180201770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7180201770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2435783630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2435783630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9615985400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9615985400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9615985400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9615985400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.084493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.034294                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034294                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26757.153126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26757.153126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 39619.122154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39619.122154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29154.633793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29154.633793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29154.633793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29154.633793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1040399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          127.976900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            3559064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1040527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs             3.420444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle         19544679                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   127.976900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         37837263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        37837263                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3559064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3559064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3559064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         3559064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3559064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        3559064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      1040528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1040528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      1040528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1040528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      1040528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1040528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  25881173388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25881173388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  25881173388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  25881173388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  25881173388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  25881173388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      4599592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4599592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      4599592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      4599592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      4599592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      4599592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.226222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.226222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.226222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 24873.115753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24873.115753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 24873.115753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24873.115753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 24873.115753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24873.115753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1040399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1040399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1040528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1040528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1040528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1040528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1040528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1040528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  24147655406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24147655406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  24147655406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24147655406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  24147655406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24147655406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.226222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.226222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.226222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23207.117354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23207.117354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23207.117354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23207.117354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23207.117354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23207.117354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                    247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted              247                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect              102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                 226                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups            226                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                45                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses             181                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted           88                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock               13328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                 102                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        63082243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   11666298                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     23232185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.discardedOps                      4921299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu3.numFetchSuspends                        0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu3.cpi                              5.407220                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.184938                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu3.op_class_0::No_OpClass             130315      0.56%      0.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::IntAlu               18389059     79.15%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::IntMult                   578      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::IntDiv                    560      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatAdd               155461      0.67%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::MemRead               2732500     11.76%     92.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::MemWrite              1788957      7.70%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            31025      0.13%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            3730      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class_0::total                23232185                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.tickCycles                       38432583                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu3.idleCycles                       24649660                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           329697                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          127.952433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            4616982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           329825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.998278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         50435651                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   127.952433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.999628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         40079329                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        40079329                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2903546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2903546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1713436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1713436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      4616982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         4616982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      4616982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        4616982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       272387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       272387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data        79319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        79319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       351706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        351706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       351706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       351706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7771865843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7771865843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3382940449                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3382940449                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11154806292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11154806292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11154806292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11154806292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      3175933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3175933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1792755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1792755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4968688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4968688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4968688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4968688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.085766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.070784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.070784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28532.440399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28532.440399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42649.812138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42649.812138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 31716.280905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31716.280905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 31716.280905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31716.280905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       192554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           192554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         4042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        17839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        21881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        21881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       268345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       268345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        61480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        61480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       329825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       329825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       329825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       329825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7171416952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7171416952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2436021035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2436021035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   9607437987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9607437987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   9607437987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9607437987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.084493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.034294                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034294                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 26724.615521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26724.615521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 39622.983653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39622.983653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 29128.895587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29128.895587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 29128.895587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29128.895587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1040287                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          127.976706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            3559093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1040415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs             3.420840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle         19582164                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   127.976706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.999818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         37836479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        37836479                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst      3559093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3559093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst      3559093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         3559093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst      3559093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        3559093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst      1040415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1040415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst      1040415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1040415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst      1040415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1040415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  25880067164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25880067164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  25880067164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  25880067164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  25880067164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  25880067164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      4599508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4599508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst      4599508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      4599508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst      4599508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      4599508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.226201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.226201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.226201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 24874.753982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24874.753982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 24874.753982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24874.753982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 24874.753982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24874.753982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1040287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1040287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1040415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1040415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1040415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1040415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1040415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1040415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  24146735774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24146735774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  24146735774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24146735774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  24146735774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24146735774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.226201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.226201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.226201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 23208.753982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23208.753982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 23208.753982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23208.753982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 23208.753982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23208.753982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    227455                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16188.230525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10717606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    243839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     43.953617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               10079445000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       31.867448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      2306.783359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data      1733.483399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      2328.189831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      1675.252555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      2383.128934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      1668.424422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      2374.634544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      1686.466033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.140795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.105803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.142101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.102249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.145455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.101833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.144936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.102934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  87935615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 87935615                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       764779                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           764779                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4161432                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4161432                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             49098                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             48994                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data             49090                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             49057                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                196239                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        1011469                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        1010193                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        1009387                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst        1009231                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4040280                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        250793                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        249813                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        250124                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        250403                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1001133                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              1011469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               299891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              1010193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data               298807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              1009387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               299214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              1009231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data               299460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5237652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             1011469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              299891                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             1010193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data              298807                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             1009387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              299214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             1009231                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data              299460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5237652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           12383                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           12485                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           12390                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           12423                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               49681                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        29108                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst        30240                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        31140                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst        31184                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           121672                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        17552                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        18530                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        18223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data        17942                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           72247                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              29108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              29935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              30240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              31015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              31140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              30613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst              31184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              30365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 243600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             29108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             29935                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             30240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             31015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             31140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             30613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst             31184                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             30365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                243600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1404753707                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1423846067                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1399507473                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1400184702                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    5628291949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3088148413                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3217677414                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3311994672                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   3314892679                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  12932713178                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1959294302                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2092339396                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2034097702                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2020244079                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   8105975479                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3088148413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3364048009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3217677414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3516185463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3311994672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3433605175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   3314892679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3420428781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      26666980606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3088148413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3364048009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3217677414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3516185463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3311994672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3433605175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   3314892679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3420428781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     26666980606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       764779                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       764779                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4161432                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4161432                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         61481                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         61479                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         61480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         61480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            245920                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1040577                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1040433                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      1040527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      1040415                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4161952                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       268345                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       268343                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       268347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       268345                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1073380                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          1040577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           329826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          1040433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           329822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          1040527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           329827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst          1040415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           329825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5481252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1040577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          329826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1040433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          329822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1040527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          329827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1040415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          329825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5481252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.201412                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.203077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.201529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.202066                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.202021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.027973                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029065                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.029927                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.029973                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.029234                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.065408                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069053                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.066862                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.067308                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.027973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.090760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.029065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.094036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.029927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.092815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.029973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.092064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.044442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.027973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.090760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.029065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.094036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.029927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.092815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.029973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.092064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.044442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113442.114754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 114044.538807                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 112954.598305                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 112709.063994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113288.620378                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106092.772193                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106404.676389                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 106358.210405                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 106301.073595                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106291.613337                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111627.979831                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 112916.319266                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 111622.548538                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 112598.599877                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112198.090980                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106092.772193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112378.420210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106404.676389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113370.480832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 106358.210405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 112161.669062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 106301.073595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 112643.793216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109470.363736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106092.772193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112378.420210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106404.676389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113370.480832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 106358.210405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 112161.669062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 106301.073595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 112643.793216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109470.363736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                68751                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     68751                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           27                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            27                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12485                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          49681                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        29108                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        30240                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        31140                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        31184                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       121672                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17552                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        18530                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18223                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        17942                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        72247                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         29108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         29935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         30240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         31015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         31140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         30613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         31184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         30365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            243600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        29108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        29935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        30240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        31015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        31140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        30613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        31184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        30365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           243600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1193322250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1210690284                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1187946184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1188051680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4780010398                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2590759003                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2701098670                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2780016642                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   2782063637                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10853937952                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1659631911                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1775945770                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1722988596                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1713977580                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6872543857                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2590759003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2852954161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2701098670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2986636054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2780016642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2910934780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   2782063637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2902029260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22506492207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2590759003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2852954161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2701098670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2986636054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2780016642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2910934780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   2782063637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2902029260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22506492207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.201412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.203077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.201529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.202066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.202021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.027973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.029927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.029973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.065408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.066862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.027973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.094036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.029927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.092815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.029973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.092064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.044442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.027973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.094036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.029927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.092815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.029973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.092064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.044442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96367.782444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96971.588626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 95879.433737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 95633.235128                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96214.053622                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89005.050261                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89322.045966                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89274.779769                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 89214.457318                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89206.538497                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94555.145340                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 95841.649757                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 94550.216540                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 95528.791662                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95125.664138                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89005.050261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95304.966127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89322.045966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96296.503434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89274.779769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 95088.190638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 89214.457318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 95571.521818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92391.183116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89005.050261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95304.966127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89322.045966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96296.503434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89274.779769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 95088.190638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 89214.457318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 95571.521818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92391.183116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        470813                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       227213                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        68751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           158462                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             49681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            49681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       714413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       714413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 714413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19990464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19990464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19990464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            243600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  243600    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              243600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy           977637802                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1322693948                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10961480                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5480228                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            269                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          269                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52554874638                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5235332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       833530                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4161440                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          712713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           245920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          245920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4161952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1073380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3121603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       989350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3121171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       989338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3121453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       989353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3121117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       989347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              16442732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    133185664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     33264640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    133167232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     33277120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    133179264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     33407040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    133164928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     33432256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              666078144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          227455                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   4400064                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          5708707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006966                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                5708430    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    277      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            5708707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        17337993694                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization             33.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2602019297                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         825662875                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        2601642803                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         825634576                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy        2602020821                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy         825625440                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy       2601681854                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        825637081                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
