
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000569                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   569329000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               111173942000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  93078                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   189256                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               52991255                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1325808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2033331                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst             128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data             192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        39552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       133312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             173184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        39552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         39680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst                2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data                3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         2083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                2706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             224826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             337239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     69471255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    234156349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             304189669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        224826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     69471255                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         69696081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            224826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            337239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     69471255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    234156349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            304189669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        2701                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      2701                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 172864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  172864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     567876800                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  2701                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    1862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    196.383562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   130.921400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   228.460565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          400     45.66%     45.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          273     31.16%     76.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           94     10.73%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      4.11%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           14      1.60%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      1.03%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.68%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.34%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           41      4.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     50211600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               100855350                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   13505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18590.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37340.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       303.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    303.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1818                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 67.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     210246.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    67.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  3584280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1886115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                10909920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         46712640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             27288750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              1343040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       178182570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        42722880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     3219870.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              315946125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            554.954716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            504461000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1510400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      19784000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      3751700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    111262100                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      42204550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    390806050                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  2720340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  1438305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 8375220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         38722320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             21638340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1138080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       165301140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        28326720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         20384040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              288044505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            505.945931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            517429700                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1139600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      16386000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     82632750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     73775050                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      32904650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    362480750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       569329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                               25                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                          11                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                            22                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                           22                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  39                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 19                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads                   24                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes                  12                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             3                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           3                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         25                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 3                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                        19     86.36%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        3     13.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                         22                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             12452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           489.491796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              228127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             12452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.320511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      110702466400                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.400052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   489.091744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.955257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.956039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           3250612                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          3250612                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       293458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          293458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        79174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          79174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       372632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           372632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       372632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          372632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        30910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         30913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        32071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          32074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        32071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         32074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    494876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    494876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80234800                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80234800                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    575110800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    575110800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    575110800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    575110800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       324368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        80335                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80335                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       404703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       404706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       404703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       404706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.079253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16010.223229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16008.669492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69108.354866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69108.354866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17932.424932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17930.747646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17932.424932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17930.747646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        43022                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4395                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.788851                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              2289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        19073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        19095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        19095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    207194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78898800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78898800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    286092800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286092800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    286092800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286092800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014178                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014178                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17503.928360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17503.928360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69270.237050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69270.237050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22047.842170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22047.842170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22047.842170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22047.842170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           422.594727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               45568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             17.573467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     1.999988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   420.594739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.821474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.929688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1851604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1851604                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       227712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          227724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       227712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           227724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       227712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          227724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     86082800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86082800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     86082800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86082800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     86082800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86082800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       231051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       231065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       231051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       231065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       231051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       231065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25781.012279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25765.579168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25781.012279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25765.579168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25781.012279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25765.579168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           82                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           82                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              2593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76630400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76630400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76630400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76630400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76630400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76630400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.013339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.013339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.013339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24863.854640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24863.854640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24863.854640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24863.854640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24863.854640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24863.854640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  1823.199670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.999988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          2.999981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.611383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1334.588318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.029517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.081457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.111279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2706                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.165161                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    250210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   250210                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          197                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   197                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2450                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               2450                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        10681                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             10681                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          2450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    13328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10878                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   13328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst             2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              621                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1156                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1159                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   2707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  2707                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75734400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      75734400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52269200                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     52269200                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100774000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    100774000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52269200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    176508400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        228777600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52269200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    176508400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       228777600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3069                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           3071                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11837                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                16035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               16035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824733                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.824733                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201694                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.202214                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.160713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.168818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.160713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.168818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81698.381877                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81698.381877                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84441.357027                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84169.404187                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87174.740484                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86949.094047                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84441.357027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84737.590014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84513.335796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84441.357027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84737.590014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84513.335796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          927                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            927                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          618                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          618                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1156                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1156                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              2701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             2701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68189800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68189800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47230600                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47230600                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91393800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91393800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47230600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    159583600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    206814200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47230600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    159583600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    206814200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.160713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.168444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.160713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.168444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73559.654800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73559.654800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76424.919094                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76424.919094                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79060.380623                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79060.380623                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76424.919094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76612.385982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76569.492780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76424.919094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76612.385982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76569.492780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          2706                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       173184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       173184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  173184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              2706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    2706    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                2706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3709400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           14412100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups          415989                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted       415989                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        34175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       355095                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           41832                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        10979                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups       355095                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits        90542                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses       264553                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20820                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    569329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1423297                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       301322                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                1494836                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              415989                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       132374                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               1010959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           68990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2056                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            231051                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          6769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples      1349084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.228915                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.915607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0           545470     40.43%     40.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            29602      2.19%     42.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            34831      2.58%     45.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            48995      3.63%     48.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           690186     51.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total      1349084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.292271                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.050263                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           159118                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        208751                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            932719                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         13993                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          34495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        2720011                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          34495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           192140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles           86959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles          415                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            912697                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        122371                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        2630659                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           2577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents          14918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents         101932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands      2922562                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       6623375                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      3836503                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        16093                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       2315585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           606911                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            1                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            1                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts             19804                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads       372862                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores       115364                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4023                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         2351                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            2453211                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1932                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           2394419                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          242                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       421785                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       418610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          942                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1349084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.774848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.558124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       459272     34.04%     34.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        89477      6.63%     40.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       353822     26.23%     66.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       272479     20.20%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       105219      7.80%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53905      4.00%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14910      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1349084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           3903     90.94%     90.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite           389      9.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         9040      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       1891513     79.00%     79.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1605      0.07%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            16      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         3261      0.14%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            2      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            1      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            2      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       379194     15.84%     95.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       104771      4.38%     99.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         2816      0.12%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         2198      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        2394419                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.682305                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                4292                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6121781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2861004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2265100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        20672                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        15997                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9241                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        2379335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses           10336                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        20961                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        72315                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1021                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           89                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        35029                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        25581                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          34495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles           61004                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          5944                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2455143                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        28418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        372883                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       115364                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          674                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents            131                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          5587                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           89                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13467                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        23923                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        37390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       2323086                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        370445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        71330                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               470334                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           327321                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores              99889                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.632186                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                2280736                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               2274341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           1593205                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           2145053                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.597938                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.742735                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       421850                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        34438                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1278071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.590920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.413220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       513158     40.15%     40.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       105158      8.23%     48.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        51114      4.00%     52.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       608641     47.62%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1278071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        2033309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 380896                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads                300561                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 660                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches             309286                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts               6781                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           2028542                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        23117                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          749      0.04%      0.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      1647445     81.02%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         1556      0.08%     81.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           15      0.00%     81.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         2648      0.13%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       298926     14.70%     95.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        79007      3.89%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1635      0.08%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         1328      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total      2033309                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        608641                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              3124589                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             4981905                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    1382                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   74213                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               2033309                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.423297                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.423297                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.702594                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.702594                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          3327283                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         1835825                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads             11761                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes             5998                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads           1408616                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes           723339                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1116826                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes              1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        31108                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        15064                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          173                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111173942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14924                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2593                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10163                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              15                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             15                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          3084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        38410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 47158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       362496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       976192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1338688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                              13                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       832                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            16063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.011953                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.108677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  15871     98.80%     98.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    192      1.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              16063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           16346800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3700794                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          15559200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.063197                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 63197078800                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               174371020800                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  87279                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   171576                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54611874                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1432676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1157.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   101000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     198548819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       308800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     13790784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           14099584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       308800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        308800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     12146880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        12146880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         4825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       215481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              220306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        189795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             189795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      4886302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    218218694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             223104996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      4886302                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          4886302                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       192206352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            192206352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       192206352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      4886302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    218218694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            415311348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      220306                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     189795                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    220306                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   189795                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               14095104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                12145792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                14099584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             12146880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     70                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             14143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             14455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             14768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             14057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             13964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             13195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             13926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             13530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             12264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             12558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             12622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             11658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             12016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             11774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             11388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             11910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             11603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            11842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            11533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            12030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            11675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            12006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            11989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   63198414800                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                220306                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               189795                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  200926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   13771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  10594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  11180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  11444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  11625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  11640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  11637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  11630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  11648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  11624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  11656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  11666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  11712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  12053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  11783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  11784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       124126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    211.410986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   138.044126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.573777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        55519     44.73%     44.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34811     28.04%     72.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13082     10.54%     83.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6233      5.02%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3827      3.08%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2854      2.30%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2426      1.95%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1948      1.57%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3426      2.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       124126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.286703                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.756103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     93.743447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         11558     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         11559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.418202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.396189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.877238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9297     80.43%     80.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               51      0.44%     80.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1936     16.75%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              208      1.80%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               51      0.44%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               13      0.11%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         11559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   5016004100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              9145429100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1101180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22775.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41525.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       223.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       192.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    223.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    192.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   166223                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  119670                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                63.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     154104.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    69.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                464828280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                247054500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               811282500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              502111800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         4926954240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           6666120930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            227380800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     14568761670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      4726730880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1256715180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            34399782510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            539.454167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          48045520100                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    309567900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    2066944000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4290847650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  12197869300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   12774960500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  31556889450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                427700280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                227328090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               780487680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              488529360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         4841519280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           6575354700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            202511520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     13889419710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      4823913120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1648572345                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            33906491745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            531.717594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          48296887650                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    249312100                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    2034550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5714101550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  12488447450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   12615114750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  30095552950                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   27                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1638917                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            37604986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1639429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.937856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         341051029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        341051029                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     27196707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        27196707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10261122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       10261122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     37457829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         37457829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     37457829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        37457829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4749339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4749339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       219346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       219346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4968685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4968685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4968685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4968685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50054417200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50054417200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15424273186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15424273186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65478690386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  65478690386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65478690386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  65478690386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31946046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31946046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10480468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10480468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     42426514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42426514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     42426514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42426514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.148668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.117113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.117113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10539.238660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10539.238660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70319.372981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70319.372981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13178.273605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13178.273605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13178.273605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13178.273605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2234656                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          399                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            323093                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.916448                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    99.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1181096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1181096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3324450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3324450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3327753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3327753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3327753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3327753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1424889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1424889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       216043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       216043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1640932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1640932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1640932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1640932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18199549600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18199549600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15158189587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15158189587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33357739187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33357739187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33357739187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33357739187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12772.608673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12772.608673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70162.836042                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70162.836042                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20328.532314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20328.532314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20328.532314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20328.532314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            336671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           500.864548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            24239763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            337171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             71.891601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      112316673600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     0.036056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   500.828491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.978181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         195662612                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        195662612                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24057608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        24057608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24057608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         24057608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24057608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        24057608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       357875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        357875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       357875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         357875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       357875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        357875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4127285999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4127285999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4127285999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4127285999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4127285999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4127285999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24415483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24415483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24415483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24415483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24415483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24415483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11532.758642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11532.758642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11532.758642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11532.758642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11532.758642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11532.758642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1653                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                32                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    51.656250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       336671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            336671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        19127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        19127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        19127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       338748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       338748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       338748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       338748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       338748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       338748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3688107599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688107599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3688107599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688107599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3688107599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688107599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.013874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.013874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.013874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10887.466787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10887.466787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10887.466787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10887.466787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10887.466787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10887.466787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    208344                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16084.979086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3733693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    224728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     16.614276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              116375293000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      191.494026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.126746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.155661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   477.394324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 15415.808329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.011688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.029138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.940906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          887                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  31642990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 31642990                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1181096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1181096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       333361                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           333361                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1999                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1999                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        46893                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 46893                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       331743                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             331743                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1376536                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1376536                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        331743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1423429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1755172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       331743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1423429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1755172                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       167255                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              167255                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             4867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        48233                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           48233                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       215488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 220355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       215488                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                220355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       258000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       258000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14487955200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   14487955200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    484066000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    484066000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4586340800                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   4586340800                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    484066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19074296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      19558362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    484066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19074296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     19558362000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1181096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1181096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       333361                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       333361                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2016                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             2016                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       214148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            214148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       336610                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         336610                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1424769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1424769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       336610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1638917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1975527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       336610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1638917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1975527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008433                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.008433                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781025                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.781025                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014459                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.014459                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.111542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.111542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15176.470588                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15176.470588                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86621.955696                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86621.955696                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99458.804191                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99458.804191                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95087.197562                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95087.197562                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99458.804191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88516.743392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88758.421638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99458.804191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88516.743392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88758.421638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               189795                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    189795                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           42                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            42                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           83                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            83                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       167255                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         167255                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4825                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         4825                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        48228                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        48228                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       215483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            220308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       215483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           220308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       304000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       304000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13127389000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13127389000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    443021200                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443021200                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4194997800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4194997800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    443021200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17322386800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17765408000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    443021200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17322386800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17765408000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008433                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008433                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.111519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.111519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17882.352941                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17882.352941                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78487.273923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78487.273923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91817.865285                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91817.865285                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86982.620055                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86982.620055                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91817.865285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80388.646900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80638.960001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91817.865285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80388.646900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80638.960001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        426637                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       206417                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              53053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       189795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            16517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            167253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           167253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         53053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       646943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       646943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 646943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     26246464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     26246464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                26246464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            220325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  220325    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              220325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1370581000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1171367750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        40855058                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     40855058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4247300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     33904968                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         4885742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect      1354678                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups     33904968                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits      8413496                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses     25491472                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted      2665353                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                157992697                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31821759                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              161970443                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            40855058                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     13299238                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             120445008                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         8523106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        10914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        94058                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          24415483                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        816912                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    156633365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.032501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         70948814     45.30%     45.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3513208      2.24%     47.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3989243      2.55%     50.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          5862658      3.74%     53.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         72319442     46.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    156633365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.258588                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.025177                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         18116104                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      36547596                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          96136273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1571839                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4261553                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      282389457                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4261553                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         22160464                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         9958266                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        12686                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          93563988                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      26676408                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      271205410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         99077                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         174166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         719302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       25488165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    299145806                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     674995453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    408407397                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2117538                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     223103915                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         76041945                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          134                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts           1918818                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     37783100                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14833258                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       602493                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       335437                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          248907457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       279633                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         240120059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        38897                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     52671644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     52693483                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       140466                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    156633365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.533007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.573400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     66402713     42.39%     42.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     11217456      7.16%     49.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     34529772     22.04%     71.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     26732402     17.07%     88.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     11181747      7.14%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4496785      2.87%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2072490      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    156633365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         272282     89.77%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         30858     10.17%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead          112      0.04%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           63      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1186187      0.49%      0.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     187000232     77.88%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       172745      0.07%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv           516      0.00%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       429192      0.18%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt           26      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            1      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv          231      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37178344     15.48%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     13501245      5.62%     99.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       365299      0.15%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       286041      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      240120059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.519817                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              303315                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001263                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    634513409                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    299758138                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    225277763                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2702289                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2104801                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1209158                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      237886007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1351180                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2277124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      9074775                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       119441                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5405                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4352790                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4009                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1767451                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4261553                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7200108                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1279257                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    249187090                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      3507286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      37787813                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14833258                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        97431                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          14930                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       1243065                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         5405                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1632575                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2999496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4632071                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     231207346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      36054513                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8912716                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             48969660                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         29768489                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           12915147                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.463405                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              227295528                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             226486921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         154783349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         215890329                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.433528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.716954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     52682031                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       139167                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4258446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    147831533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.329321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.404803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     72387855     48.97%     48.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11529049      7.80%     56.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6757448      4.57%     61.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     57157181     38.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    147831533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      196515488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               39193512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              28713044                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars               92760                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           27540860                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             890297                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         195888294                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2610788                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        98008      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    156708582     79.74%     79.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult       167406      0.09%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          232      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       347748      0.18%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     28498617     14.50%     94.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     10306318      5.24%     99.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       214427      0.11%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       174150      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    196515488                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      57157181                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            339871871                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           507255606                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  129289                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 1359332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             196515488                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.579927                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.579927                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.632941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.632941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        341983133                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       182275020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1552471                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           778204                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads         124215122                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         71153605                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       107890485                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3955269                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1977656                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        27743                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2152                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2143                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63197078800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1763517                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1370891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       336671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          476370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           214148                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          214148                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        338748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1424769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1012029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4920783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               5932812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     43089984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    180480832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              223570816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          210482                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  12283712                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2188025                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.014609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.120014                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2156070     98.54%     98.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  31946      1.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      9      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2188025                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2796323195                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         406727424                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1967557877                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
