
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001344                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1343668200                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               23744416031200                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  99945                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   141864                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              134291233                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1267624                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1419435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst              64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data             192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         7616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2578112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2585984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         7616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       366208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          366208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst                1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data                3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        40283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               40406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          5722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               5722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              47631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             142892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      5668066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1918711777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1924570366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         47631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5668066                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          5715697                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       272543475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            272543475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       272543475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             47631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            142892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      5668066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1918711777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2197113841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       40402                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       5722                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     40402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     5722                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2585728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  364544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2585728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               366208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    1343423200                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 40402                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 5722                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    9579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   16004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    9643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    5170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        20092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    146.666136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.017789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.014938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        16114     80.20%     80.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1429      7.11%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          318      1.58%     88.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          275      1.37%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          674      3.35%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          291      1.45%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          185      0.92%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          105      0.52%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          701      3.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        20092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     113.903955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     63.480290                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    788.363221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           353     99.72%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.090395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.084684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.448818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              339     95.76%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.56%     96.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      2.54%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      1.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1357157600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2114695100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  202010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     33591.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                52341.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1924.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       271.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1924.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    272.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        17.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    15.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.71                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      17.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    21020                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    4977                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 52.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      29126.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 78854160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 41893005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               150625440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               15753960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         106332720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            336463020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              3561120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       264283350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         6327360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     667440.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             1004761575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            747.781019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            595864150                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       979500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      44986000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       479850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     16477150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     701133000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    579602700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 64666980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 34356135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               137844840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               13979160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         105103440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            320579400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              3144480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       274421940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy         5006400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          4777140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              963879915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            717.355364                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            632259100                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1110500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      44466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     17603950                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     13045950                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     665663350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    601768450                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      1343668200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                               24                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                          12                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                            20                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    18                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      8                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                           18                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             8                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  34                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 10                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    8                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   6                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads                   10                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes                   8                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             6                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           4                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          2                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         24                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 2                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                        12     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       2     10.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   4     20.00%     90.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  2     10.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                         20                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             43093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           508.771634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              309199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             43093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.175156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      23743093873600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.041458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   508.730176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.993614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           3528941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          3528941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       252891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          252893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        84523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          84524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       337414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           337417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       337414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          337417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        88944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         88946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        98247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          98250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        98247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         98250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6218028400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6218028400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    817506461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    817506461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7035534861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7035534861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7035534861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7035534861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       341835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       341839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        93826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       435661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       435661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.260199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099152                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.099160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.225516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.225516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69909.475625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69907.903672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87875.573578                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87866.128654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71610.683899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71608.497313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71610.683899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71608.497313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1855332                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             25742                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    72.074120                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              9720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        54640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        54640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        54641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        54641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        54641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        54641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        34304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3303354800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3303354800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    810054061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    810054061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4113408861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4113408861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4113408861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4113408861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099139                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96296.490205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96296.490205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87083.859493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87083.859493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94331.258565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94331.258565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94331.258565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94331.258565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse            34.119115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                   0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs                   nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     1.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    33.119115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.064686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.066639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.234375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1021664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1021664                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       127472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          127487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       127472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           127487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       127472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          127487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       127677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       127677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       127693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       127677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       127693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.062500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.062500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72790.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72436.893204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72790.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72436.893204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72790.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72436.893204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           86                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10915200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10915200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10915200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10915200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10915200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10915200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91724.369748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91724.369748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91724.369748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91724.369748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91724.369748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91724.369748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24024                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 13192.324877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       24174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     24024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.006244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              23743794915000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.366201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.399079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          1.546238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    25.233749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13164.779610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.803514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.805196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1600                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    734984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   734984                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9720                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             9720                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          515                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   515                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2807                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2807                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          3322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         3322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data                1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8787                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8788                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              120                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           31499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        40284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  40407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        40284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 40407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    793436400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     793436400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10772000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     10772000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3234914000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3234914000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4028350400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4039122400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     10772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4028350400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4039122400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9720                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9720                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data              1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9302                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9303                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            120                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         34306                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        43606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                43729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        43606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               43729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.944636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.944642                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.918173                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.918178                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.923818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.924032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.923818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.924032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90296.620007                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90286.345016                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90521.008403                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89766.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102705.464012                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102698.942824                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90521.008403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99998.768742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99960.957260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90521.008403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99998.768742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99960.957260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 5722                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      5722                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8787                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8787                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31497                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        31497                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             40403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            40403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    721975600                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    721975600                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      9805800                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9805800                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2979774600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2979774600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      9805800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3701750200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3711556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      9805800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3701750200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3711556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.944636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.918173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.923818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.923941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.923818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.923941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82164.060544                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82164.060544                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82401.680672                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82401.680672                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94605.029050                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94605.029050                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82401.680672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91891.326581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91863.376482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82401.680672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91891.326581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91863.376482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         64412                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        24006                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              31618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            18284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         31618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       104818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       104818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 104818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2952192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2952192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2952192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             40406                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   40406    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               40406                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           110628200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               8.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          218425200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             16.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups           63460                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted        63460                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         1273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups        62816                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS               5                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups        62816                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits        60595                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses         2221                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted          245                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1343668200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  3359145                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       141115                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                1032730                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches               63460                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        60600                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               3207358                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles            2636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           27                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          592                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            127677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes           353                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples      3350410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.437743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.161116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          2898230     86.50%     86.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            37475      1.12%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            46989      1.40%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           135699      4.05%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           232017      6.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total      3350410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.018892                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.307438                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles            55023                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       2810822                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            414460                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         68783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles           1318                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        1439417                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles           1318                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles            81201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          936477                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            449906                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles       1881504                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        1436028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         135109                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         553004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        1282853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands      1619798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       3808403                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1350076                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1577320                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       1599531                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps            20157                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            160259                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads       343662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        94360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1505                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1809                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            1430079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           1729563                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          640                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        10569                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19898                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3350410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.516224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.173291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2658209     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       203492      6.07%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169520      5.06%     90.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       151690      4.53%     95.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       115834      3.46%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        41365      1.23%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10300      0.31%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3350410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          4721      6.59%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      6.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           5675      7.92%     14.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            14      0.02%     14.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead        61228     85.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          918      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu        542624     31.37%     31.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            3      0.00%     31.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     31.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       445985     25.79%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        37117      2.15%     59.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite         2344      0.14%     59.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       609017     35.21%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        91555      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        1729563                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.514882                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               71638                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.041420                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4364584                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       500261                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       492479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2517230                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       940404                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       930037                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses         508959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1291324                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          334                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         3856                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       316347                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles           1318                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          605679                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        290314                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1430079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        343662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        94360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           3044                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        282575                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          973                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          337                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         1310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       1727607                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        645370                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         1956                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               739252                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches            60940                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores              93882                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.514300                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                1422878                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               1422516                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           1109737                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           1762483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.423476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.629644                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        10570                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         1301                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3348373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.019402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2824398     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        64021      1.91%     86.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        24468      0.73%     86.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435486     13.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3348373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        1419415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 433605                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads                339777                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches              60882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             929500                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            894061                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          863      0.06%      0.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       539057     37.98%     38.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            3      0.00%     38.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     38.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       445887     31.41%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        26288      1.85%     71.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         2288      0.16%     71.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       313489     22.09%     93.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        91540      6.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total      1419415                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        435486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              4342872                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             2862105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                      77                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                    8735                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1419415                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.359145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.359145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.297695                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.297695                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          1943909                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes          428400                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1565851                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           837579                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads            308689                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes           338676                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          867521                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes              1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        86822                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        43093                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23744416031200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             34422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15442                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           51675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        34306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       130307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                130547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3412800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3420480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           24024                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    366208                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            67753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  67735     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     18      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              67753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           42503200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            142800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          52322400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.113516                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                113516274800                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               23857932306000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 115302                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   167204                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              129590254                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1290488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   875.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   101000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     146464227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       427712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    144543872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          144971584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       427712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        427712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     54778560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        54778560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         6683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      2258498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2265181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        855915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             855915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      3767847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1273331707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1277099555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3767847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          3767847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       482561290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            482561290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       482561290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      3767847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1273331707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1759660845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2265181                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     855915                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2265181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   855915                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              144888256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   83328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                54778944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               144971584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             54778560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1302                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            137127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            136708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            146862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            147067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            152173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            155228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            152577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            153949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            144505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            139467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           136495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           129706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           134143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           130644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           133175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           134053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             49874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             48343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             52566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             51122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             55461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             55927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             58566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             58768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             57212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             55157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            54269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            51054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            52878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            53058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            50774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            50892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  113516380800                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2265181                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               855915                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1046144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  745560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  315865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  155970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   3191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  34966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  48869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  53068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  54022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  54094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  54146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  54068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  54250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  54174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  54337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  54522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  54540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  54972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  55411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  55105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  58310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       921366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    216.710024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   124.239523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   271.864081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       570294     61.90%     61.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       106327     11.54%     73.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52043      5.65%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        35346      3.84%     82.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        71265      7.73%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13375      1.45%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10815      1.17%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8742      0.95%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        53159      5.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       921366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        52952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      42.754778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     33.218566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     74.857876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         51386     97.04%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255         1216      2.30%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383          178      0.34%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           54      0.10%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           28      0.05%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           30      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           15      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           10      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            7      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            5      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         52952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        52952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.164092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.152254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.651819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            49400     93.29%     93.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              333      0.63%     93.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1778      3.36%     97.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1029      1.94%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              360      0.68%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               45      0.08%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         52952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  61644427700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            104092158950                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                11319395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27229.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45979.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1276.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       482.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1277.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    482.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        13.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     9.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    3.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1501198                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  697240                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 66.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      36370.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    70.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3556069860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1890084570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              8587899180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2263626900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         8648599440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          19922666790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            353959680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     26673470340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1657618560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1948000710                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            75502138260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            657.336982                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          69654862000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    188244800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    3615382000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   7436832850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4300055300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   40057732750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  57918027100                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3165975960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1682748540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              7864667160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2234013840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         8611721040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          19198526820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            368086080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     26491399230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2136566400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       2134936140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            73888918830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            643.294969                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          71169427150                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    213099200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    3600506000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   8122122900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5551281700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   38533242450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  57496022550                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3356407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            35486701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3356919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.571212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         357417535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        357417535                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     25594378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        25594378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      9864102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        9864102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     35458480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         35458480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     35458480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        35458480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7850598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7850598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       948563                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       948563                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8799161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8799161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8799161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8799161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 430778042800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 430778042800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69067572049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  69067572049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 499845614849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 499845614849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 499845614849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 499845614849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33444976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33444976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10812665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10812665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44257641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44257641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44257641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44257641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.234732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.087727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.198817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.198817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.198817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.198817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54872.003738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54872.003738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72812.846431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72812.846431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56806.053992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56806.053992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56806.053992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56806.053992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     52164575                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3455155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            969339                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets           29249                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    53.814584                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   118.128996                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1356382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1356382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5440361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5440361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5442753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      5442753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5442753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      5442753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2410237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2410237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       946171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       946171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3356408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3356408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3356408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3356408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 156461763600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 156461763600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68290931649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  68290931649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 224752695249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 224752695249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 224752695249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 224752695249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087506                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087506                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64915.509803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64915.509803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72176.098875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72176.098875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66962.268964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66962.268964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66962.268964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66962.268964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           497.474910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11588542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1677.553851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      23752384045600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     0.069951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.404959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          91791407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         91791407                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11461055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11461055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11461055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11461055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11461055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11461055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         12022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          12022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         12022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1016165198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1016165198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1016165198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1016165198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1016165198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1016165198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11473077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11473077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11473077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11473077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11473077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11473077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84525.469805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84525.469805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84525.469805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84525.469805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84525.469805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84525.469805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1898                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          349                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    86.272727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   116.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              6396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    638286398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    638286398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    638286398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    638286398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    638286398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    638286398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93990.045354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93990.045354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93990.045354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93990.045354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93990.045354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93990.045354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   2271517                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4476707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2287901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.956687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       40.860147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    42.224541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 16300.915313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.994929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        12504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  56079445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 56079445                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1356382                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1356382                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         6396                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             6396                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       215186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                215186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       882721                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            882721                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1097907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1098006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           99                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1097907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1098006                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       732354                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              732354                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6683                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6683                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1526143                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1526143                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2258497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2265180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2258497                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2265180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65252594400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   65252594400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    629209200                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    629209200                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 145824171200                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 145824171200                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    629209200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211076765600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     211705974800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    629209200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211076765600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    211705974800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1356382                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1356382                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         6396                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6396                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       947540                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            947540                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6782                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           6782                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2408864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2408864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3356404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3363186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3356404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3363186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.772900                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.772900                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.985403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633553                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.633553                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.673522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.673522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89099.799277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89099.799277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94150.710759                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94150.710759                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95550.791243                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95550.791243                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94150.710759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93458.953277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93460.994181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94150.710759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93458.953277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93460.994181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               855915                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    855915                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       732354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         732354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6683                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6683                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1526143                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1526143                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2258497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2265180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2258497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2265180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59289051200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  59289051200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    575032000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    575032000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133455890800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 133455890800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    575032000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192744942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 193319974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    575032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192744942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 193319974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.772900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.673522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.673522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80956.820336                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80956.820336                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86043.992219                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86043.992219                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87446.517659                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87446.517659                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86043.992219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85342.128858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85344.199578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86043.992219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85342.128858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85344.199578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4529981                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2264800                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1532827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       855915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1408885                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            732354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           732354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1532827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6795162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6795162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6795162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    199750144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    199750144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               199750144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2265181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2265181    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2265181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9727979000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               8.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        12160177450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8369351                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8369351                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       156051                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      8313725                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            2822                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         1205                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups      8313725                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits      7935387                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses       378338                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted        28498                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                283790687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     11998866                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              104028411                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8369351                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      7938209                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             271019946                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          316200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          560                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          376                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11473079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         38873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    283178504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.533720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.258683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236337966     83.46%     83.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3862610      1.36%     84.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          5122567      1.81%     86.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         14391183      5.08%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         23464178      8.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    283178504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.029491                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.366567                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          4558073                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228871571                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          43461996                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6128764                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         158100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      147701477                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         158100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7214219                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        57846202                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles          340                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          46597679                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     171361964                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      147238911                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        245867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4033402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents       45607396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents      122241129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    169598314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     386877989                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    149270504                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    135079442                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     166902041                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          2696192                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts           17                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          14405055                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     33748617                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10905361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1156729                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1234144                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          146488083                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          905                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         154287405                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        22124                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1444147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2611414                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          899                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    283178504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.176090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    220033046     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17691227      6.25%     83.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17131647      6.05%     90.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     16118765      5.69%     95.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8418204      2.97%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2409917      0.85%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1375698      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    283178504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        607066     21.77%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         586338     21.03%     42.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          1596      0.06%     42.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead      1591555     57.08%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         1622      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        93580      0.06%      0.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      62395012     40.44%     40.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25121      0.02%     40.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv          8801      0.01%     40.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38936972     25.24%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      5545125      3.59%     69.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686075      0.44%     69.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     36447083     23.62%     93.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite     10149636      6.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      154287405                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.543666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             2788177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.018071                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    412459328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     64285817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     63099948                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    182104286                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     83649536                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     82409842                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       64837513                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        92144489                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       168977                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       420345                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          692                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2233                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92691                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8734029                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         158100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        24590757                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      29433614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146488988                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      33748617                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10905361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          334                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          62764                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      29176024                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2233                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124935                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        32202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       157137                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     154002959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      41900720                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             52726370                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7969950                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           10825650                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.542664                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              145547889                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             145509790                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         112013615                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         167725189                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.512736                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.667840                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1444723                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            6                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       156129                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    282913322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.090866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227718172     80.49%     80.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8486142      3.00%     83.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3568374      1.26%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     43140634     15.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    282913322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      145044792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               44140935                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              33328272                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            7960063                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           82340676                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         101606463                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls         1941                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        86875      0.06%      0.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     61865270     42.65%     42.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        25083      0.02%     42.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv         8800      0.01%     42.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     38917829     26.83%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4451122      3.07%     72.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       665764      0.46%     73.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     28877150     19.91%     93.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     10146899      7.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    145044792                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      43140634                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            386262203                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           293244614                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    4525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  612183                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             145044792                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.837907                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.837907                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352372                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352372                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        164155663                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54377557                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         133795889                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         72093182                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          40427938                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         41115388                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        69237088                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes              6                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6726001                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3362806                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           6730                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6730                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 113516274800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2415659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2212297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3415627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           947540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          947540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          6791                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2408864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        19969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10069225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              10089194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       843392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    301618560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              302461952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2271526                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  54779136                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          5634715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034572                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                5627972     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   6743      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            5634715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3780622800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           8154387                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4027690800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
