
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.327860                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3327860307600                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3327860307600                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114982                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   161943                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               41444778                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1335612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 80296.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  9232612809                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   13003431771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         3807680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data      1701712576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1705520256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      3807680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       3807680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    620229568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       620229568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            59495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         26589259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            26648754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9691087                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9691087                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            1144183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          511353368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             512497550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       1144183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1144183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       186374881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            186374881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       186374881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           1144183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         511353368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            698872431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    26648754                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9691087                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  26648754                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9691087                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1704802304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  717952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               620228416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              1705520256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            620229568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  11218                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1600550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1686806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1657031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1689364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1640059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1665228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1630394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1657454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1628662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1669696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1646464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1739046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1738395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1681737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1638795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1667855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            588211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            617784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            598324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            617037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            595559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            603983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            594878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            597919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            589005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            607857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           596702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           628796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           630382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           613078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           594852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           616702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3327860211600                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              26648754                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9691087                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                13286658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 5487679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 4803040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 3059694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 116375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 120229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 394654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 545756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 603603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 608875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 604030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 601361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 601080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 600653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 599011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 600777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 605239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 608761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 608676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 617508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 616023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 625006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                  11896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     24097771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     96.483209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.749166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   106.226581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127     20486222     85.01%     85.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1989033      8.25%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       596932      2.48%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       560686      2.33%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       254896      1.06%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        89076      0.37%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        43322      0.18%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        22968      0.10%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        54636      0.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     24097771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       587634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      45.329935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     42.919050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     32.625047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        587508     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           73      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           31      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        587634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       587634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.491675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.462743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.013165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           464590     79.06%     79.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             4038      0.69%     79.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            84994     14.46%     94.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19            23478      4.00%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20             8375      1.43%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21             2029      0.35%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               99      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               25      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        587634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 1023123958700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1522577758700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               133187680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     38409.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                57159.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       512.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       186.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    512.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    186.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.41                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  4528326                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7702504                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 17.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      91576.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    33.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              85320565260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              45348944520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             94439966040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            25127487900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         262002592800.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         313158279870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           5575605120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    1093247267340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     83128203840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       3324586950                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2010674574870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            604.194404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2626580633600                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2367031400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  110833512000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  12635728350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 216477231800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  588079060300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 2397467743750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              86737548240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              46102096425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             95752041000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            25459892280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         261868601280.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         314882166210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5603923200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    1096554320700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     78504724800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       3490422300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2014956059955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            605.480962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2622764224800                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2349637650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  110776220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  13571226200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 204432512450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  591970176850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 2404760534450                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                35842482                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          35842482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1384729                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             31333341                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1894693                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             185291                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        31333341                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           22959002                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          8374339                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       544606                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  655                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       8319650770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          944834917                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     9265190564                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    35842482                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           24853695                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                    7365593997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 3012163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                         10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 6412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         51088                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          415                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 940987321                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                212454                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         8311992931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.570805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.866773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0               4627571514     55.67%     55.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                308623177      3.71%     59.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                220444389      2.65%     62.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                314404191      3.78%     65.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4               2840949660     34.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           8311992931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.004308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.113651                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                161387481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles            3625908351                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                4381439810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles             141751208                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                1506081                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts            13037035696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                1506081                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                221327896                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               953394074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          85905                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                4458167009                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles            2677511966                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts            13033069374                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                340015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               22688313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents              377551880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents             2240172430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands         12370222247                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups           36248157161                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups      10787077022                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups       19957577375                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps           12338899120                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 31323127                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               1198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           1185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 325598518                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads           3974075958                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores          1061171584                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          53015612                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         29465174                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                13025058905                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               82500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued               13124407696                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              8935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        21709634                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29380886                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          70311                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    8311992931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.578972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.642655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          3548543446     42.69%     42.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           775256238      9.33%     52.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          1349984525     16.24%     68.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          1377868453     16.58%     84.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           857154637     10.31%     95.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           332155291      4.00%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            71030341      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      8311992931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                185731      0.64%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead               13171859     45.72%     46.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                170254      0.59%     46.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead          15232200     52.87%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            50519      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            908426      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            3264068709     24.87%     24.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               559535      0.00%     24.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 25931      0.00%     24.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          4719923076     35.96%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            594055739      4.53%     65.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           112372598      0.86%     66.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      3484547173     26.55%     92.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      947946509      7.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total            13124407696                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.577519                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    28810563                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.002195                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        11246504997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        1439179408                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1417441888                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         23343122824                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        11607794881                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  11596763731                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1473016089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses             11679293744                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        172217381                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5350079                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        16374                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       123461                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1883059                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          490                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     120337438                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                1506081                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               215637899                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles             688466532                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts         13025141405                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            819539                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            3974075958                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           1061171584                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              27970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1203754                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             682461498                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         123461                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         751609                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       718235                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1469844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts           13121356156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            4077937481                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           3051540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                   5137850777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 32393709                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                 1059913296                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.577152                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                    13014630545                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                   13014205619                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                9455491142                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers               15056495047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.564273                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.628001                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        21710789                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           12189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           1389595                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   8308568475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.565063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.464634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3752321475     45.16%     45.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    247323695      2.98%     48.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    170661839      2.05%     50.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3   4138261466     49.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   8308568475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts           9232612809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps            13003431771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                     5028014404                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                    3968725879                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                        7580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   31851233                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                11594570827                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                5772940896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1553888                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       713985      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       3254804996     25.03%     25.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          554097      0.00%     25.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            24593      0.00%     25.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     4719319696     36.29%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       551736701      4.24%     65.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      111970013      0.86%     66.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead   3416989178     26.28%     92.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite    947318512      7.29%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total       13003431771                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events            4138261466                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                  17195449569                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                 26053731758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           68041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         7657839                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                  9232612809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                   13003431771                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.901116                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.901116                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.109736                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.109736                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads              10972328584                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1273304381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads               19950124795                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes              10648571774                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 163953454                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                429381993                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads              5428860580                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                    162                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          54435660                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.991276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          4799329226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          54436172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             88.164341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         367945600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.991276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       38933152916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses      38933152916                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data   3755450811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      3755450811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data   1043878399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     1043878399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data    4799329210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       4799329210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data   4799329210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      4799329210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     45099956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      45099956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     15410427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     15410427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     60510383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       60510383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     60510383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      60510383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 2297596976400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2297596976400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1044702670951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1044702670951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 3342299647351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3342299647351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 3342299647351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3342299647351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data   3800550767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3800550767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data   1059288826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1059288826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data   4859839593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   4859839593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data   4859839593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   4859839593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50944.550287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50944.550287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67791.935353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67791.935353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55235.142824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55235.142824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55235.142824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55235.142824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    995649144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          17228219                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    57.791763                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     34635657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          34635657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      6074021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6074021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      6074201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6074201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      6074201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6074201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     39025935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     39025935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     15410247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15410247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     54436182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     54436182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     54436182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     54436182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 2057539784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2057539784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1032366218955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032366218955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 3089906002955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3089906002955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 3089906002955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3089906002955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014548                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014548                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52722.369983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52722.369983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66992.191556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66992.191556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56761.989718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56761.989718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56761.989718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56761.989718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            118716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.995176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           940854244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            119228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           7891.218875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          99947600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.995176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        7528017772                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       7528017772                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    940854244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       940854244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     940854244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        940854244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    940854244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       940854244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       133073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        133073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       133073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         133073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       133073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        133073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6780809592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6780809592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6780809592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6780809592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6780809592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6780809592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    940987317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    940987317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    940987317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    940987317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    940987317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    940987317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50955.562676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50955.562676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50955.562676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50955.562676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50955.562676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50955.562676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10689                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.651899                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    30.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       118716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            118716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        13836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        13836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       119237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       119237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       119237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       119237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       119237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       119237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6018115195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6018115195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6018115195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6018115195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6018115195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6018115195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50471.876976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50471.876976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50471.876976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50471.876976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50471.876976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50471.876976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  26701576                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16368.439913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    82391029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  26717960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.083732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                6530099000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       26.084871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         22.551473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16319.803569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.996082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14610                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 899591232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                899591232                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     34635657                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         34635657                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       118639                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           118639                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            5811983                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               5811983                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           59707                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              59707                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       22034930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          22034930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 59707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              27846913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 27906620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                59707                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             27846913                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                27906620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          9598255                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             9598255                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         59504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            59504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     16991004                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        16991004                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               59504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            26589259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               26648763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              59504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           26589259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              26648763                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        26000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 963514432800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  963514432800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5370832800                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   5370832800                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1821456890000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1821456890000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    5370832800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  2784971322800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     2790342155600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5370832800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 2784971322800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    2790342155600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     34635657                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     34635657                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       118639                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       118639                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       15410238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          15410238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       119211                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         119211                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     39025934                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      39025934                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            119211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          54436172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             54555383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           119211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         54436172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            54555383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.300000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.622849                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.622849                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.499149                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.499149                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.435377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.435377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.499149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.488448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.488472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.499149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.488448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.488472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  8666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100384.333694                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100384.333694                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90260.029578                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90260.029578                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107201.251321                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107201.251321                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90260.029578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 104740.463914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104708.130565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90260.029578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 104740.463914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104708.130565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9691087                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9691087                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          159                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           159                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9598255                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        9598255                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59496                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        59496                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16991004                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     16991004                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          59496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       26589259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          26648755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         59496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      26589259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         26648755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        52400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        52400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 885432014000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 885432014000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4887524600                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4887524600                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1683891240400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1683891240400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4887524600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 2569323254400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2574210779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4887524600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 2569323254400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2574210779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.622849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.499081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.435377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.499081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.488448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.488472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.499081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.488448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.488472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17466.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17466.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92249.269685                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92249.269685                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82148.793196                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82148.793196                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 99104.869871                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99104.869871                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82148.793196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 96630.118741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96597.787739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82148.793196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 96630.118741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96597.787739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      53280949                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     26632210                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           17050499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      9691087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         16941105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9598255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9598255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      17050499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     79929703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     79929703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               79929703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   2325749824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   2325749824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              2325749824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          26648757                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                26648757    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            26648757                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy        112075764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       147856823400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    109109795                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     54554388                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          637                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          69544                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        69544                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3327860307600                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          39145170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     44326744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       118716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        36810492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         15410238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        15410238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        119237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     39025934                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       357163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    163308024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             163665187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15227264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   5700597056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             5715824320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        26701602                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 620231232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         81256995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               81186804     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  70191      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           81256995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        71447416400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         143157414                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       65323450300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
