
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002204                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2204373400                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2537299200400                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  91081                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   110593                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              200773043                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1476568                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1000014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1214251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst             128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data              64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1909184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1911488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         2112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          2240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       654912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          654912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst                2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data                1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        29831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               29867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         10233                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              10233                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              58066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data              29033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       958095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    866089202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             867134397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         58066                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       958095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1016162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       297096672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            297096672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       297096672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             58066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data             29033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       958095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    866089202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1164231069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       29864                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      10233                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     29864                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    10233                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1911296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  653696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1911296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               654912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    2204306800                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 29864                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                10233                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   22566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         8900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    288.107865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.061471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   265.729895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2251     25.29%     25.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3015     33.88%     59.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1016     11.42%     70.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          892     10.02%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          498      5.60%     86.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          424      4.76%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          260      2.92%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          137      1.54%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          407      4.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         8900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      46.805643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.291726                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    608.386442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           637     99.84%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.147951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              635     99.53%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.16%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      0.16%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    606737250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1166687250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  149320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20316.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39066.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       867.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       296.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    867.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    297.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.39                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      13.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    22763                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    8408                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      54974.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    77.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 30394980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 16143930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               104479620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               24591420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         173943120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            249454800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              4300320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       740476740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         8548800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             1352333730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.480298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           1646100550                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1504200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      73580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     22274350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     483039700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1623965150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 33201000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 17631570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               108749340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               28725660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         173943120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            260503680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              4181280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       731861190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy         6618720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             1365415560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            619.414813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           1622235700                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1688600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      73580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     17247050                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     506815750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1605032000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      2204373400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                               24                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                          14                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                            16                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     2                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            2                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   40                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             2                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          2                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         24                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         4     25.00%     25.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     25.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     25.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10     62.50%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0      0.00%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  2     12.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                         16                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             47470                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           507.477647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               77634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             47470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              1.635433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      2535139622400                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   506.477649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.989214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1985646                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1985646                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        95277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           95277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        60098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          60099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       155375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           155376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       155375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          155376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        46127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         46127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40704                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        40705                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        86831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          86832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        86831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         86832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4322959600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4322959600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2151920800                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2151920800                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6474880400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6474880400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6474880400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6474880400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       141404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       100802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       242206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       242208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       242206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       242208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.326207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.403802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.403803                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.358502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.358502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93718.637674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93718.637674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52867.551101                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52866.252303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74568.764612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74567.905841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74568.764612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74567.905841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       294488                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1462                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   201.428181                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        40271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             40271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        38849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        38849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        38849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        38849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        38849                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        38849                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        40704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        47982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        47982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    677736400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    677736400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2119358400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2119358400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2797094800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2797094800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2797094800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2797094800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.403802                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.198104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.198104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93121.242099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93121.242099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52067.570755                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52067.570755                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58294.668834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58294.668834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58294.668834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58294.668834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse            34.783672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                   0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs                   nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     1.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    32.783673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.064031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.067937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.068359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            643691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           643691                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        80401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           80421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        80401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            80421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        80401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           80421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        80435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        80457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        80435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        80457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        80435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        80457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.090909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.090909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.090909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76411.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76411.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76411.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2512400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2512400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2512400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2512400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2512400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2512400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76133.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76133.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76133.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76133.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76133.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76133.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     13483                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 12064.498424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       29244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     13483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.168953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              2536315493000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.019858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.530406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    16.625375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 12046.322785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.735249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.736359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    793771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   793771                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        40271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            40271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        18149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 18149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         18151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    18151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        18151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   18151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data                1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               22556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst             2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               35                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        29831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  29867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        29831                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 29867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1908395200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1908395200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2472800                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      2472800                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    668982400                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    668982400                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2472800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2577377600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2579850400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2472800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2577377600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2579850400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        40271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data              1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40704                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             40705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             35                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7278                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          7278                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                48018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               48018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.554122                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.554133                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999725                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999725                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.621712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.621996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.621712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.621996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84610.738196                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84606.987054                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74933.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70651.428571                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91943.705333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91943.705333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74933.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86399.302739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86377.955603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74933.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86399.302739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86377.955603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10233                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10233                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22555                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          22555                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7276                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7276                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1725798000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1725798000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2205400                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2205400                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    609880600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    609880600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2205400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2335678600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2337884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2205400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2335678600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2337884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.554122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.554109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.621712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.621933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.621712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.621933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76515.096431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76515.096431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66830.303030                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66830.303030                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83820.863112                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83820.863112                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66830.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78297.026583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78284.355746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66830.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78297.026583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78284.355746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         43309                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        13442                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10233                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        73176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        73176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  73176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2566400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2566400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2566400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             29867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   29867    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               29867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           101198000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          159387450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups           11572                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted        11572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect           46                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups         2871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups         2871                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits         2862                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses            9                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted            9                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2204373400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  5510908                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        84888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                1003872                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches               11572                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         2862                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               5424368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles             108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines             80435                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes             3                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples      5509310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.221284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     0.859545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          5136253     93.23%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            38279      0.69%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            26643      0.48%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           104981      1.91%     96.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           203154      3.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total      5509310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.002100                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.182161                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles            51256                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       5052179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            299287                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles        106444                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles             54                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        1217304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles             54                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles            91018                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         2339029                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            352315                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles       2726804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        1217077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          64753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        2623545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands      1139333                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       3417452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       663112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2356582                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       1136657                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps             2670                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            242226                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads       198651                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores       101002                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         2875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            1216922                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           1215377                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         2685                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         6410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      5509310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.220604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.782391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      4941481     89.69%     89.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240400      4.36%     94.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       162219      2.94%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75805      1.38%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48412      0.88%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        16482      0.30%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24511      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      5509310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         18841     99.63%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead              0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite             0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           70      0.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu        294736     24.25%     24.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     24.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     24.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       621298     51.12%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead         2907      0.24%     75.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            0      0.00%     75.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       195568     16.09%     91.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       100868      8.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        1215377                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.220540                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               18911                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.015560                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5705466                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        98311                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        98068                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2253508                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1121308                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1116739                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses          98078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1136210                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        56998                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          881                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          169                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           58                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles             54                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          590132                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1719742                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1216922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        198651                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       101002                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          10844                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       1702677                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           46                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts           46                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       1215346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        198460                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               299328                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches            11544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             100868                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.220535                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                1214815                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               1214807                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            906349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           1790402                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.220437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.506227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts         2742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts           46                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      5508946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.220411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.713154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      4929906     89.49%     89.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236241      4.29%     93.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        50403      0.91%     94.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292396      5.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      5508946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        1214235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 298603                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads                197770                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches              11512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1116378                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            393553                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       294428     24.25%     24.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     24.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     24.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       621204     51.16%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         2907      0.24%     75.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0      0.00%     75.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       194863     16.05%     91.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       100833      8.30%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total      1214235                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        292396                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              6433527                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             2434325                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                      13                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                    1598                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1214235                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       5.510908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 5.510908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.181458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.181458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads           662388                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes           86547                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2352478                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1015935                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads             49262                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes            34835                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          348100                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes              1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        95488                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        47470                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             41                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           41                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537299200400                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              7313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        50504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            40705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           40704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            35                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7278                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       143435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                143505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5648192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5650432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           13483                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    654912                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            61501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025811                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  61460     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     41      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              61501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           70410800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             39600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          57577200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.312824                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                312824484800                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2850123685200                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  78312                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    95594                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              242553170                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1477496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1289.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   101000014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     123289217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         3008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    265964672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          265967680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         3008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          3008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    195476480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       195476480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4155698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4155745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       3054320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            3054320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    850204140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             850213755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             9616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       624875895                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            624875895                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       624875895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    850204140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1475089651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4155745                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    3054320                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4155745                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  3054320                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              265967680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               195475712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               265967680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            195476480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            259564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            259452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            259799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            259809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            259758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            259764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            259739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            259772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            259766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            259747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           259740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           259827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           259957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           259801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           259689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           259561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            190900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            190852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            191007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            191074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            191023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            191020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            190875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            190810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            190772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            190750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           190746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           190814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           190899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           190910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           190954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           190902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  312824484000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               4155745                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              3054320                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 3060671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  664612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  285342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  145115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 164527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 190546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 190884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 190857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 190907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 191116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 190930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 190907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 191059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 192101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 191501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 191106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 191939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 192730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 194530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 207699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1552636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    297.199653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   211.278669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.814668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       347698     22.39%     22.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       471473     30.37%     52.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       211830     13.64%     66.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       186909     12.04%     78.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       126572      8.15%     86.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767       105905      6.82%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        54767      3.53%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        22029      1.42%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        25453      1.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1552636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       190803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.780213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.597468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.135640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         187822     98.44%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          2931      1.54%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            35      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        190803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       190803                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.007652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.144152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           190195     99.68%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              122      0.06%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              157      0.08%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              295      0.15%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               31      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        190803                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 102007481250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            179927700000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                20778725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24546.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43296.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       850.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       624.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    850.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    624.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.39                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  3096386                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 2561032                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      43387.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5582987340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2967420555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             14938950600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             7998459840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         24877554000.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          39735014070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            547725120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    102832829610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       332244480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         37400880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           199851000345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            634.389239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         224810214800                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    206114150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   10450226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     87709750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    844402700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   77357886200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 223878146000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               5566422540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2958608565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             14946297660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             7998345000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         24876324720.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          39766443300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            546283680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    102802166460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       333870720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         35637780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           199830400425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            634.324042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         224764400500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    201976850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   10449628000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     86364000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    853434450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   77408360900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 223824720600                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6763146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            17543852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6763658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              2.593841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.007696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.992304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         237254498                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        237254498                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11090160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        11090160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6375950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6375950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     17466110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         17466110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17466110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        17466110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5685950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       5685950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5659359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5659359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11345309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11345309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11345309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11345309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 516921860800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 516921860800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 306761254362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 306761254362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 823683115162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 823683115162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 823683115162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 823683115162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16776110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16776110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12035309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12035309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28811419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28811419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28811419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28811419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.338931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.470230                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.470230                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.393778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.393778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.393778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.393778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90912.136195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90912.136195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54204.240155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54204.240155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72601.205940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72601.205940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72601.205940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72601.205940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32028043                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       235461                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            200206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets            3723                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   159.975440                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    63.244964                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5659364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5659364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4582163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4582163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4582163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4582163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4582163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4582163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1103787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1103787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5659359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5659359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6763146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6763146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6763146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6763146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105693903600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 105693903600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 302233767162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 302233767162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 407927670762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 407927670762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 407927670762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 407927670762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.470230                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470230                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95755.706128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95755.706128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53404.240155                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53404.240155                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60316.259735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60316.259735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60316.259735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60316.259735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse            80.286335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             8478377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                82                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          103394.841463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    78.286335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.152903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.156809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          67184071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         67184071                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8397956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         8397956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8397956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          8397956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8397956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         8397956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      4204400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4204400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      4204400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4204400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      4204400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4204400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8398003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8398003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8398003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      8398003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8398003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      8398003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89455.319149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89455.319149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89455.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89455.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89455.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89455.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      4166800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4166800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      4166800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4166800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      4166800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4166800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88655.319149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88655.319149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88655.319149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88655.319149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88655.319149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88655.319149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4155883                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9406691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4172267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.254576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.837724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.081552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 16382.080724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 112366595                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                112366595                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5659364                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          5659364                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2605014                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               2605014                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2433                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2433                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2607447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2607447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2607447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2607447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3054345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             3054345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               47                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1101354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1101354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4155699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4155746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4155699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4155746                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 272210399200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  272210399200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      4110400                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      4110400                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104347314400                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 104347314400                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      4110400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376557713600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     376561824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      4110400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376557713600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    376561824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5659364                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5659364                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5659359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           5659359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             47                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1103787                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1103787                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6763146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6763193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6763146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6763193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.539698                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.539698                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997796                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997796                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.614465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.614465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89122.348392                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89122.348392                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87455.319149                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87455.319149                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94744.572953                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94744.572953                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87455.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90612.364755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90612.329050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87455.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90612.364755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90612.329050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              3054320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   3054320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          141                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           141                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3054345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        3054345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1101354                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1101354                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4155699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4155746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4155699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4155746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 247423134800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 247423134800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      3729200                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3729200                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95416943600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  95416943600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      3729200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 342840078400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 342843807600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      3729200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 342840078400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 342843807600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.539698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.539698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.614465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.614465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81006.937592                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81006.937592                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79344.680851                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79344.680851                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86636.034917                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86636.034917                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79344.680851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82498.775393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82498.739721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79344.680851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82498.775393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82498.739721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       8311449                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4155704                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1101401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3054320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1101384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3054344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3054344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1101401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12467194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     12467194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               12467194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    461444160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    461444160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               461444160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4155745                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4155745    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4155745                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         23852101600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               7.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        22241445400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1340534                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1340534                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        21957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       798893                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS              26                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect            2                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups       798893                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits       421014                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses       377879                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted           67                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                782061212                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      8416233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              101640297                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1340534                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       421040                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             773618462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           44736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           28                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          570                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           8398003                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes            19                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    782057662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.158578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     0.730586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        743615704     95.08%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4070510      0.52%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2928782      0.37%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         11681950      1.49%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         19760716      2.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    782057662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.001714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.129965                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          5241946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     735711478                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          28923292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      12158578                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          22368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      123199569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          22368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9737146                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       333809301                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          35232049                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     403256798                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      123096966                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        6740588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1221801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents      391569702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    114658042                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     347482555                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     77176164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    225054529                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     113723487                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           934559                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          28079550                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21922765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12123739                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1443246                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       259722                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          123057342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         123011713                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            4                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       982378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2165968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    782057662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.157292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.655757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    723018276     92.45%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25276650      3.23%     95.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17683750      2.26%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7804180      1.00%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4568369      0.58%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1557075      0.20%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2149362      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    782057662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       1671024     93.25%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead              0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite             0      0.00%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead       110042      6.14%     99.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite        10918      0.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      30091174     24.46%     24.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        60000      0.05%     24.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     24.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     58432062     47.50%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       400510      0.33%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            8      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     21951481     17.85%     90.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite     12076476      9.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      123011713                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.157292                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1791984                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014568                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    805730442                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     11896085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11832918                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    224142635                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    112144211                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    110511226                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       11836388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       112967307                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5078521                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       341663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          576                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88430                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       523785                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          22368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        61339040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     269376984                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123057342                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           66                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      21922765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12123739                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         981916                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     267806081                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          576                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10705                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11284                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        21989                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     123008095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      22351903                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         3619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             34428296                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1337652                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           12076393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.157287                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              122344508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             122344144                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          87933326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         171178114                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.156438                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.513695                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1017087                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        21986                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    781922151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.156122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.600589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    721343498     92.25%     92.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27100416      3.47%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5460161      0.70%     96.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     28018076      3.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    781922151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122074966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               33616411                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              21581102                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            1326745                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          110297645                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          45013234                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            3                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     29998982     24.57%     24.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        60000      0.05%     24.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     58399572     47.84%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       400490      0.33%     72.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            6      0.00%     72.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     21180612     17.35%     90.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     12035303      9.86%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122074966                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      28018076                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            876996128                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           246319659                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                      21                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                    3550                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122074966                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       7.820612                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 7.820612                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.127867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.127867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         77895931                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        10555228                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         223671583                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         98435174                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads           6158352                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes          4973036                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        39449958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     13526339                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6763146                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            320                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          320                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 312824484800                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1103834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8713684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2205345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5659359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5659359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            47                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1103787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           94                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20289438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              20289532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    795040640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              795043648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4155883                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 195476480                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         10919076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               10918756    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    320      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           10919076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9938026800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             56400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        8115775200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
