
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.383340                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                383339949200                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               383339949200                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   108311                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38110369                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1720576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10058.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   596714841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1089461032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        1916224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       35011008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         761920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data        1140224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          64320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         153088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39046784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1916224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       761920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        64320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       2742464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     32554176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        32554176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           29941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          547047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst           11905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           17816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            1005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            2392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              610106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        508659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             508659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           4998759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          91331488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           1987583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data           2974446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            167788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data            399353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             101859418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      4998759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1987583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       167788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          7154130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        84922472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             84922472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        84922472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          4998759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         91331488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          1987583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data          2974446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           167788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data           399353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            186781889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      610106                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     508659                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    610106                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   508659                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               39016640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   30144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                32552448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39046784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             32554176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    471                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             38908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             36950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             36766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             39272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             37921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             35580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             33046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             35143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             39798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             38919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            39060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            41663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            40124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            38416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            39287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            38782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             32640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             31069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             30165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             32870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             31689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             29477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             26978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             29153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             32450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             32681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            32722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            35448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            33453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            32472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            33044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            32321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  383339934000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                610106                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               508659                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  542139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   49139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   13870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    4171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  28003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  29779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  31043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  31108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  31126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  31148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  31164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  31135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  31134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  31217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  31364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  32227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  31458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  31365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       377243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    189.714110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   127.426815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   212.367512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       181885     48.21%     48.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       105998     28.10%     76.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        37610      9.97%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16829      4.46%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10224      2.71%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7090      1.88%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5618      1.49%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4399      1.17%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7590      2.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       377243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.755177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.597130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     67.653109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         30858    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         30859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.482452                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.457853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.927735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            23862     77.33%     77.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              239      0.77%     78.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5916     19.17%     97.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              625      2.03%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              158      0.51%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               52      0.17%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         30859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  14753881900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             26184538150                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3048175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24201.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42951.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       101.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        84.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    101.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     84.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   438357                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  302662                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 71.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                59.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     342645.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    66.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1294160700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                687851340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2096204040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1273894020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         14756891760.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          18023909580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            638619360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     42101970990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     15567881760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      51210354180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           147658535100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            385.189530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         342136393550                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    869734000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    6253602000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 209265406900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  40541445650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   34079899200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  92329861450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1399390020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                743785845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2256589860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1381165020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         15272574720.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          18203924130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            611555520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     46267288740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     15213052800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      49009339095                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           150364735020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            392.249060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         341814173450                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    772263500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    6470050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 200732304950                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  39617395500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   34283417800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 101464517450                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups              137533888                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted        137533888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect         14628827                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups           114587901                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS               16274354                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect           4514577                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups      114587901                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits          28996538                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses        85591363                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted      9190649                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 128                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       511775925                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles         111633636                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     544083708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                  137533888                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          45270892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                    377391121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles               29353069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               37103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       314193                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          635                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          461                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 81800897                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes              2945532                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         504054117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.130010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.918294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0               214423293     42.54%     42.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                12344523      2.45%     44.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                13864773      2.75%     47.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                20120096      3.99%     51.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4               243301432     48.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           504054117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.268738                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.063129                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                66302843                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             94013194                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                324042393                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              5019143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles              14676534                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             951580863                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles              14676534                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                79913244                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               32183846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         46604                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                315107217                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             62126662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             913403793                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               288100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                515830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               2482772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              58258484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands         1008393388                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups           2270571101                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups      1373297204                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6341810                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            745225392                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps               263167996                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               748                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           851                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5365099                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads           126835534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           50058911                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2067396                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1162217                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 837126713                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             713282                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                805880706                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           117280                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      181064942                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    182910556                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        436076                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    504054117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.598798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.574211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          201630077     40.00%     40.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           37421807      7.42%     47.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          115180388     22.85%     70.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           89791704     17.81%     88.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           38120071      7.56%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           15217693      3.02%     98.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            6692377      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      504054117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   11      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                753509     88.05%     88.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               101749     11.89%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              178      0.02%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             300      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          4076993      0.51%      0.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            627885595     77.91%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              542015      0.07%     78.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               342314      0.04%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1297562      0.16%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 60      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 2      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1272      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 1      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           124111515     15.40%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           45681543      5.67%     99.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        1090735      0.14%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        851099      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             805880706                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.574675                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     855747                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001062                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        2108728227                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       1012633688                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    756310755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            8060329                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           6286621                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3613519                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses             798629279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                4030181                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7452117                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     30960615                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       378143                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        18370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     14516893                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5170256                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles              14676534                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23756367                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3270665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          837839995                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         11987166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            126835546                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            50058911                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            245613                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 46497                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3163549                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         18370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       5539978                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     10462791                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts            16002769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            775264171                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            120102643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         30616535                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                   163713585                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                99191231                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  43610942                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.514851                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     762768152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    759924274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                518770116                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                725613260                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.484877                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714940                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts      181083677                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         277206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts         14665058                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    473870517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.385980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.403710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    220585380     46.55%     46.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     39913981      8.42%     54.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     23252396      4.91%     59.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    190118760     40.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    473870517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           332146738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             656775053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                     131416949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     95874931                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     184580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                  91401895                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   2682897                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                654801710                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls             8734265                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       464932      0.07%      0.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       523002643     79.63%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         527329      0.08%     79.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          313408      0.05%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1049792      0.16%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       95228028     14.50%     94.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      35017681      5.33%     99.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       646903      0.10%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       524337      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        656775053                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events            190118760                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                  1121610487                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                 1706126012                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         649186                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                        7721808                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  332146738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    656775053                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.540813                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.540813                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.649008                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.649008                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads              1143201734                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes              613118524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  4628119                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 2323831                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                414412891                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes               238075455                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads              360377991                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                   208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          5065432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.941840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          127248332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5065944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.118385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        114305600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   511.941840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1146794712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1146794712                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     92311363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       92311363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     34928208                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      34928208                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    127239571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       127239571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    127239571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      127239571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data     14861059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     14861059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       615466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       615466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data     15476525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      15476525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data     15476525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     15476525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156892590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 156892590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38278765873                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38278765873                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 195171355873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 195171355873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 195171355873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 195171355873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data    107172422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    107172422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     35543674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35543674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    142716096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    142716096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    142716096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    142716096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.138665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.138665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10557.295412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10557.295412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62194.769285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62194.769285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12610.799638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12610.799638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12610.799638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12610.799638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7078651                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        13774                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          1000638                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            112                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.074138                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   122.982143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3862217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          3862217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data     10390471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10390471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        13100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data     10403571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10403571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data     10403571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10403571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4470588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4470588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       602366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       602366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      5072954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5072954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      5072954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5072954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57219575600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57219575600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37427777076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37427777076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  94647352676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  94647352676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  94647352676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  94647352676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12799.116268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12799.116268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62134.610977                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62134.610977                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18657.246385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18657.246385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18657.246385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18657.246385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1513044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          505.800172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           80169428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1513554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            52.967669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        112019600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   505.800172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.987891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        655927593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       655927593                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     80169435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       80169435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     80169435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        80169435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     80169435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       80169435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1631459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1631459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1631459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1631459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1631459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1631459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19600591594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19600591594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19600591594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  19600591594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19600591594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  19600591594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     81800894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     81800894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     81800894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     81800894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     81800894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     81800894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12014.149049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12014.149049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12014.149049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12014.149049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12014.149049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12014.149049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7931                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1433                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              281                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.224199                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   477.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1513044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1513044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       111018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       111018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       111018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       111018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       111018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1520441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1520441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1520441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1520441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1520441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1520441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  17193142794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17193142794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  17193142794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17193142794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  17193142794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17193142794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11307.997347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11307.997347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11307.997347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11307.997347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11307.997347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11307.997347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                    258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted              258                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect              102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                 234                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups            234                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                45                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses             189                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted           88                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                 102                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        48212540                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   11662611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     23226372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.discardedOps                      4932042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu1.numFetchSuspends                        0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu1.cpi                              4.133941                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.241900                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu1.op_class_0::No_OpClass             130288      0.56%      0.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IntAlu               18384574     79.15%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IntMult                   578      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IntDiv                    560      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatAdd               155345      0.67%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::MemRead               2732068     11.76%     92.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::MemWrite              1788266      7.70%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            30963      0.13%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            3730      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class_0::total                23226372                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.tickCycles                       35806155                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu1.idleCycles                       12406385                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           108821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          383.960600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            4849371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           109205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            44.406126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         84529600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   383.960600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         29944319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        29944319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      3091618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3091618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1757753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1757753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4849371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         4849371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4849371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        4849371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        88834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        88834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        34314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        34314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       123148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        123148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       123148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       123148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1502212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1502212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1570997600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1570997600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3073209600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3073209600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3073209600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3073209600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3180452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3180452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1792067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1792067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4972519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4972519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4972519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4972519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16910.327127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16910.327127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45782.992365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45782.992365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24955.416247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24955.416247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24955.416247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24955.416247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        64697                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            64697                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         2701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        11242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        11242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        13943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        13943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        86133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        23072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       109205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       109205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       109205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       109205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1388567200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1388567200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1080227200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1080227200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2468794400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2468794400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2468794400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2468794400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012875                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012875                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16121.198611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16121.198611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46819.833564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46819.833564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22606.972208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22606.972208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22606.972208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22606.972208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           451282                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.940493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4261963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           451794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.433421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        196053600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   511.940493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.999884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         38161850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        38161850                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      4261963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4261963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      4261963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         4261963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      4261963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        4261963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       451794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       451794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       451794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        451794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       451794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       451794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5648020800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5648020800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5648020800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5648020800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5648020800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5648020800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      4713757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4713757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      4713757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      4713757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      4713757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      4713757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.095846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.095846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.095846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12501.318743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12501.318743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12501.318743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12501.318743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12501.318743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12501.318743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       451282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           451282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       451794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       451794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       451794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       451794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       451794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       451794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5286585600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5286585600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5286585600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5286585600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5286585600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5286585600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.095846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.095846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.095846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11701.318743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11701.318743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11701.318743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11701.318743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11701.318743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11701.318743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                     18                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted               18                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect               10                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                  11                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups             11                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses              11                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            3                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                       958349873                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  252905492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    409459607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.discardedOps                    137057441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu2.numFetchSuspends                        0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu2.cpi                              3.789360                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.263897                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu2.op_class_0::No_OpClass             294370      0.07%      0.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IntAlu              363078416     88.67%     88.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IntMult                 31165      0.01%     88.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IntDiv                   2828      0.00%     88.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatAdd              2370841      0.58%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                 110      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::MemRead              29359880      7.17%     96.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::MemWrite             13388484      3.27%     99.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           613226      0.15%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          320287      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class_0::total               409459607                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.tickCycles                      833573428                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu2.idleCycles                      124776445                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          6960237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          383.952211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           37003223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          6960621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.316081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         93197600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   383.952211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.999876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        271129695                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       271129695                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     23432260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       23432260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     13570963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13570963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     37003223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        37003223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     37003223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       37003223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      6887147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6887147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       137809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      7024956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       7024956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      7024956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      7024956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  71733490400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71733490400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1564574400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1564574400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  73298064800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73298064800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  73298064800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73298064800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     30319407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30319407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     13708772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13708772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     44028179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44028179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     44028179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44028179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.227153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.010053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.159556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.159556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10415.559650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10415.559650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11353.209152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11353.209152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10433.953579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10433.953579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10433.953579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10433.953579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6959629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          6959629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         3068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        61267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        61267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        64335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        64335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        64335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        64335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      6884079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6884079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        76542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        76542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      6960621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6960621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      6960621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6960621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  66192640800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66192640800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    907265200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    907265200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  67099906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  67099906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  67099906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  67099906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.227052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.158095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.158095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9615.322660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9615.322660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11853.168195                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11853.168195                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9639.930977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9639.930977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9639.930977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9639.930977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              564                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          496.035406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          129126010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         120005.585502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     383316268400                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   496.035406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.968819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1033017772                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1033017772                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst    129126010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      129126010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst    129126010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       129126010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst    129126010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      129126010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    101513600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101513600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    101513600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101513600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    101513600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101513600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst    129127087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129127087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst    129127087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    129127087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst    129127087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    129127087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 94255.896007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94255.896007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 94255.896007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94255.896007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 94255.896007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94255.896007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    100652800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100652800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    100652800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100652800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    100652800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100652800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 93456.638812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93456.638812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 93456.638812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93456.638812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 93456.638812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93456.638812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    599352                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16357.363692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    27501490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    615736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     44.664418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                6265217000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      254.696145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1610.743462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     13496.544854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       215.798964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       212.620499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst         5.311521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       561.648247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.015545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.098312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.823764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.013171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.012977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.000324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.034280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          596                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 225557440                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                225557440                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     10886543                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         10886543                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1952359                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1952359                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             6912                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 6912                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            196044                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             11983                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data             74344                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                282371                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        1480767                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         439889                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst             71                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1920727                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       4322836                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data         79406                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       6883885                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          11286127                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              1480767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              4518880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               439889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                91389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                   71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data              6958229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 13489225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             1480767                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             4518880                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              439889                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               91389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                  71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data             6958229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                13489225                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          399800                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           11089                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            2198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              413087                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        30074                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst        11905                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1005                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            42984                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       147264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         6727                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          154185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              30074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             547064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              11905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              17816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               2392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 610256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             30074                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            547064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             11905                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             17816                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              2392                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                610256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1566000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1566000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34987227600                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    950402000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    187224800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   36124854400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2849368000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1018634400                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     98752000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   3966754400                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14308516800                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    614021200                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     25705200                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14948243200                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2849368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  49295744400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1018634400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1564423200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     98752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    212930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      55039852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2849368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  49295744400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1018634400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1564423200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     98752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    212930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     55039852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     10886543                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     10886543                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1952359                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1952359                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         7013                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             7013                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        595844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         23072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         76542                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            695458                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1510841                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       451794                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1963711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4470100                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        86133                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      6884079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      11440312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          1510841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          5065944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           451794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           109205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          6960621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             14099481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1510841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         5065944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          451794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          109205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         6960621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            14099481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014402                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.014402                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.670981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.480626                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.028716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.593978                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019905                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.026351                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.934015                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.021889                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078100                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013477                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.019905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.107989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.026351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.163143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.934015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.000344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.043282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.019905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.107989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.026351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.163143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.934015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.000344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.043282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15504.950495                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15504.950495                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87511.824912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85706.736405                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 85179.617834                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87450.959241                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94745.228437                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85563.578328                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98260.696517                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92284.440722                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97162.353325                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 91277.122045                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 132501.030928                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96950.048319                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94745.228437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90109.647866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85563.578328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87810.013471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98260.696517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89017.558528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90191.414751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94745.228437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90109.647866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85563.578328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87810.013471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98260.696517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89017.558528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90191.414751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               508659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    508659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          133                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           133                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          305                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           305                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          101                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           101                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       399799                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11089                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         413086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        29941                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        11905                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1005                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        42851                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       147256                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6727                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       154177                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         29941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        547055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         11905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         17816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            610114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        29941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       547055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        11905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        17816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           610114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1799600                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1799600                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31735615000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    860447800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    169356400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32765419200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2598292200                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    922088600                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     90604400                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3610985200                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13113584601                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    559424200                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     24131000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13697139801                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2598292200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44849199601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    922088600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1419872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     90604400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    193487400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50073544201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2598292200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44849199601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    922088600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1419872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     90604400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    193487400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50073544201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014402                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014402                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.670979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.480626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.028716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.026351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.934015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.026351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.163143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.934015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.043272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.026351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.163143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.934015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.043272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17817.821782                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17817.821782                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79378.925410                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77594.715484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77050.227480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79318.638734                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86780.408136                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77453.893322                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 90153.631841                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84268.399804                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89052.973061                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83161.022744                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 124386.597938                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88840.357518                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86780.408136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81982.980872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77453.893322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79696.452627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 90153.631841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80889.381271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82072.439251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86780.408136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81982.980872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77453.893322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79696.452627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 90153.631841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80889.381271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82072.439251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1202702                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       592831                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       508659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            83828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            413079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           413079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1812808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1812808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1812808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     71600960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     71600960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                71600960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            610215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  610215    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              610215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy          3754643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3250250700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     28215474                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     14106477                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        97124                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           7265                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7256                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383339949200                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13413623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     11395202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1964890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1338640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            7013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           695458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          695458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1973311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     11440312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4544326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15211346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1354870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       327231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20881479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              42321968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    193528640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    571402304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     57796864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11129728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       104960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    890896000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1724858496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          608952                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  33168576                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         14715446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.007560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.086626                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               14604207     99.24%     99.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 111230      0.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      9      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           14715446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21567349167                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1825536255                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6084307688                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         542409351                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         131266245                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy           1293594                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy        8357792924                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
