
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000578                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   578196000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1422546008000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  48976                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    87598                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28317559                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1283112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    20.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1000010                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1788604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst             128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data             448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        53504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        85952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             140032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        53504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         53632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst                2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data                7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                2188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             221378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             774824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     92536095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    148655473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             242187770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        221378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     92536095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         92757473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            221378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            774824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     92536095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    148655473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            242187770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        2179                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      2179                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 139456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  139456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     553396400                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  2179                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    1331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    214.218126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   133.566206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   254.834791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          322     49.46%     49.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          163     25.04%     74.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           53      8.14%     82.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           31      4.76%     87.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           21      3.23%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      2.61%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.46%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      1.08%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           34      5.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     48725600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                89581850                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   10895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22361.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41111.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       241.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    241.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.40                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1528                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 70.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     253968.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    70.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  2598960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1381380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 9474780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         44868720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             23096400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              1801920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       121792470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        66640320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         25282605                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              297021495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            513.712485                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            509403500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      2984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      19052000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     82025850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    173535500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      33489500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    267098750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  2049180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  1089165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 6083280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         44254080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             18864150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              2071680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       122067780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        61216320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         31661880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              289357515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            500.457275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            522824650                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3568800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      18798000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    104312600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    159414400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      24363450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    267728350                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       578196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                               26                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                          10                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                            19                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    13                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     11                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                           13                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            11                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  31                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  7                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   10                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  11                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads                    6                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes                   2                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             8                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           8                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         26                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         5     26.32%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       6     31.58%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        3     15.79%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   5     26.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                         19                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             15496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           493.716371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              392260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             15496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             25.313629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      1422074844400                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.684160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   492.032211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.961000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           3982568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          3982568                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       330491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          330492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       132536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         132536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       463027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           463028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       463027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          463028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         31219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1573                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1573                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        32785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          32792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        32785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         32792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    529450400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    529450400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28817999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28817999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    558268399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    558268399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    558268399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    558268399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       361703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       361711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       134109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       134109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       495820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       495820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.086309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011729                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011729                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16963.039856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16959.236362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18320.406230                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18320.406230                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17028.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17024.530343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17028.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17024.530343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9222                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               305                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.236066                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              2522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        16726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        16768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        16768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    238618800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238618800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26868399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26868399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    265487199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    265487199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    265487199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    265487199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011416                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011416                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16472.373326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16472.373326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17549.574788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17549.574788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16575.338640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16575.338640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16575.338640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16575.338640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              5810                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           481.135552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               85633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             14.738898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1422199601600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     0.250961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   480.884591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.939228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1771476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1771476                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       213893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          213908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       213893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           213908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       213893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          213908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          6734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           6734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          6734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    140523200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140523200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    140523200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140523200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    140523200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140523200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       220625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       220642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       220625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       220642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       220625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       220642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.117647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.117647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20873.915627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20867.716068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20873.915627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20867.716068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20873.915627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20867.716068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          274                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              5810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125739200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125739200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125739200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125739200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125739200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125739200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.028727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.028727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.028727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19838.939729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19838.939729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19838.939729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19838.939729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19838.939729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19838.939729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  1760.317529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          6.999953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   717.990407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1033.327172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.043823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.063069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.107441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.133545                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    351252                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   351252                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2522                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2522                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5809                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             5809                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5483                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               5483                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13292                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             13292                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          5483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         14658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    20141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        14658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   20141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst             2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          836                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              838                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   2188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                  7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1343                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  2188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13315600                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      13315600                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71906800                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     71906800                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107630000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    107630000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71906800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120945600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        192852400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71906800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120945600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       192852400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2522                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2522                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5809                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5809                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6319                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           6321                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        14482                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14489                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                22329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data                7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               22329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100724                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.100724                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132299                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.132574                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082171                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.082614                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.097989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.097989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87030.065359                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87030.065359                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86012.918660                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85807.637232                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90445.378151                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89916.457811                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86012.918660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90056.291884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88140.950640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86012.918660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90056.291884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88140.950640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          836                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          836                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              2179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             2179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12072200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12072200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65119800                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65119800                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97976800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97976800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65119800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    175168800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65119800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    175168800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.097586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.097586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78903.267974                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78903.267974                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77894.497608                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77894.497608                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82333.445378                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82333.445378                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77894.497608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81942.665674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80389.536485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77894.497608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81942.665674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80389.536485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          2188                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         4376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         4376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   4376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       140032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       140032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  140032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              2188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    2188    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                2188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2904000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           11589600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups          279385                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted       279385                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        39407                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       214748                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           34883                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         6339                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups       214748                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits        72726                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses       142022                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted        21526                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    578196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1445464                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       355057                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                1647975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              279385                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       107609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                946131                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           79190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          621                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           85                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            220626                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7719                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples      1341623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.245098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.891961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0           524852     39.12%     39.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            32306      2.41%     41.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            43826      3.27%     44.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            70439      5.25%     50.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           670200     49.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total      1341623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.193284                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.140101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           221026                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        167089                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            899806                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         14098                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          39595                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        2665585                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          39595                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           259069                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          116362                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        12642                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            874937                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         39009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        2558385                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           2941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents          24934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents           8953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands      2589544                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       6390129                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      3343111                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups       971840                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       1814816                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           774577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          370                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts             13476                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads       437147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores       173654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14180                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         5815                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            2352499                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           2238476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          467                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       564166                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       617153                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1341623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.668484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.614516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       503777     37.55%     37.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       144867     10.80%     48.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       263774     19.66%     68.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       241307     17.99%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       116845      8.71%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        51558      3.84%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19495      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1341623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           841     13.79%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead            553      9.07%     22.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          1327     21.75%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead         3148     51.61%     96.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          231      3.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        23777      1.06%      1.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       1341070     59.91%     60.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult          312      0.01%     60.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     60.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       285049     12.73%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           61      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       239376     10.69%     84.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       133784      5.98%     90.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       186946      8.35%     98.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        28101      1.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        2238476                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.548621                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                6100                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.002725                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4703526                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2220213                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1588061                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1121613                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       696982                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       530780                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        1658002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          562797                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        42522                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       107579                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1147                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        39545                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           52                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1313                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          39595                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles           91051                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          7003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2352866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        37778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        437147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       173654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          363                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents            444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          6305                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11287                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30661                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        41948                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       2153692                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        408127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        84781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               564535                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           175799                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             156408                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.489966                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                2127265                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               2118841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           1399673                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           2200791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.465855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.635986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       564208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          305                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        39461                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1251238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.429452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.411637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       569478     45.51%     45.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        98848      7.90%     53.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        58999      4.72%     58.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       523913     41.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1251238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        1788585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 463650                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads                329541                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches             155932                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             489090                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           1467466                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        23880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         9302      0.52%      0.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      1052547     58.85%     59.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          312      0.02%     59.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       262713     14.69%     74.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv           61      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       180343     10.08%     84.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       108968      6.09%     90.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       149198      8.34%     98.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        25141      1.41%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total      1788585                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        523913                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              3080118                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             4796509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  103841                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1788585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.445464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.445464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.691819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.691819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          2760368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         1273659                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            850868                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           476830                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads            715737                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes           406170                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          955802                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes            550                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        43670                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21325                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           37                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1422546008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             20829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2522                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           12974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          6340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        47544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 66015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       776384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1185920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1962304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                              19                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                      1216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            22364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049979                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  22308     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     56      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              22364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           24130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           7613580                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          19207600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.051672                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51672426000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1474218434000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  48520                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    88678                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               24822982                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1307780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2081.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   101000010                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     184594436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       360704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             436416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         75712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         2688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            2688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         5636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                6819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            42                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 42                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1465230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      6980590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               8445820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1465230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1465230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           52020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                52020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           52020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1465230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      6980590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              8497840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        6819                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         42                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      6819                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       42                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 434496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  436416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 2688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   50992863600                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  6819                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   42                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    194.928668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.201222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   249.627444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1270     56.98%     56.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          490     21.98%     78.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          114      5.11%     84.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           89      3.99%     88.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           75      3.36%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      1.70%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      1.30%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.85%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          105      4.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    672276800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               799570550                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   33945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     99024.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               117774.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         8.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      8.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      18.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4560                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 67.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    7432278.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    66.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  9596160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5100480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                33115320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         827920080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            202201230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             51223680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1726164060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1283026080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      10906699485                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            15045391605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            287.873668                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          50193662550                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    101916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     333496000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  44464337000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3167663400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      86669950                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3518343650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 10967040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5829120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                30916200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1047346560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            244236450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66628800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2114236590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1633163040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      10518097260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            15671767080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            299.885072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          50321102900                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    134274000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     427314000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  42546889500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4093593500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     101542000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4368813000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  102                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1652237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            47978279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1652749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             29.029380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.030189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.969811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         411441909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        411441909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     33973484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        33973484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13930754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       13930754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     47904238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         47904238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     47904238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        47904238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3144546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3144546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       174925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       174925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3319471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3319471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3319471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3319471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32836644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32836644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1858311479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1858311479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34694955479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34694955479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34694955479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34694955479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37118030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     37118030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14105679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14105679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51223709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51223709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51223709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51223709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10442.411719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10442.411719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10623.475655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10623.475655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10451.953181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10451.953181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10451.953181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10451.953181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       231421                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             22927                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.093820                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       321327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            321327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1661092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1661092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1664936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1664936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1664936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1664936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1483454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1483454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       171081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       171081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1654535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1654535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1654535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1654535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15320622800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15320622800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1691907487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1691907487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17012530287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17012530287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17012530287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17012530287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10327.669614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10327.669614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9889.511325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9889.511325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10282.363496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10282.363496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10282.363496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10282.363496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            492805                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.639139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            22931780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            493317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             46.484877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.639139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         187072042                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        187072042                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22803505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        22803505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22803505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         22803505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22803505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        22803505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       518608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        518608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       518608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         518608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       518608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        518608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5442461598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5442461598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5442461598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5442461598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5442461598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5442461598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23322113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23322113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23322113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23322113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23322113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23322113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10494.364911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10494.364911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10494.364911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10494.364911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10494.364911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10494.364911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          358                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.933333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       492805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            492805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       495138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       495138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       495138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       495138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       495138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       495138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4884385599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4884385599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4884385599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4884385599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4884385599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4884385599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9864.695497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9864.695497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9864.695497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9864.695497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9864.695497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9864.695497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                       159                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7872.756873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4324539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    479.971032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.926520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                 2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data                 7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1898.994777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  5963.835576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.115905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.364004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.480515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.540222                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  34326158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 34326158                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       321327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           321327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       492627                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           492627                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2298                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 2298                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       168679                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                168679                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       491659                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             491659                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1477922                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1477922                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        491659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1646601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2138260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       491659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1646601                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2138260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          428                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 428                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1184                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1184                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         5636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   6820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1184                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         5636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  6820                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     40984800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      40984800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    144316800                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    144316800                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    937104400                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    937104400                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    144316800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    978089200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1122406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    144316800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    978089200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1122406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       321327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       321327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       492627                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       492627                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             2298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       169107                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            169107                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       492843                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         492843                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1483130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1483130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       492843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1652237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2145080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       492843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1652237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2145080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002531                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.002531                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002402                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002402                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003511                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.003179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.003179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95758.878505                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95758.878505                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121889.189189                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121889.189189                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 179935.560676                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179935.560676                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121889.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 173543.151171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164575.659824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121889.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 173543.151171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164575.659824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   42                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        42                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          428                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            428                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1183                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5208                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5208                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              6819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             6819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37506000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37506000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    134683600                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134683600                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    894849400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    894849400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    134683600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    932355400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1067039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    134683600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    932355400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1067039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.003179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87630.841121                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87630.841121                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113849.196957                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113849.196957                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 171822.081413                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171822.081413                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113849.196957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165428.566359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156480.275700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113849.196957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165428.566359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156480.275700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6975                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          156                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           42                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        13794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        13794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       439104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       439104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  439104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              6819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    6819    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                6819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9698800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           36144200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        30708758                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     30708758                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4294502                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     24068716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct      0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3851019                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       673715                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups     24068716                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectHits      8336704                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses     15732012                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted      2377446                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                129181065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     33594441                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              170568695                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            30708758                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     12187723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              89976363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         8610820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        18988                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           20                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23322113                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        832301                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    127898583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.475878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.838044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         41983828     32.83%     32.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3543179      2.77%     35.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4598408      3.60%     39.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7171339      5.61%     44.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         70601829     55.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    127898583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.237719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.320385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         19911110                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       7940958                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          94390367                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1350738                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4305410                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      279343677                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4305410                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23953968                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         6994814                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       384650                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          91627642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        632099                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      267620164                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          9270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         129049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         273914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents         102853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    272473377                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     668368242                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    357048527                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     85013561                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     185996265                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         86477161                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        21218                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21580                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            692476                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     45091783                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     18236774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       854470                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       700082                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          244995610                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        22863                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         232310073                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        39127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     62212664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68649329                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         5800                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    127898583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.816362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.597092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     41191027     32.21%     32.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14275639     11.16%     43.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     27556358     21.55%     64.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25477463     19.92%     84.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     12476128      9.75%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4946991      3.87%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1974977      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    127898583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         73260     13.58%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead          43044      7.98%     21.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        153193     28.40%     49.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead       239301     44.36%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite        30611      5.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2432576      1.05%      1.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     143838586     61.92%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27672      0.01%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv          2037      0.00%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     25220719     10.86%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv         3345      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     26413349     11.37%     85.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14445430      6.22%     91.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     17393334      7.49%     98.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      2533025      1.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      232310073                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.798329                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              539409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.002322                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492605016                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    243263569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    171995188                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    100492248                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     63978859                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47290821                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      180008725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        50408181                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4313330                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11954949                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       128056                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11726                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4131113                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         5493                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        92805                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4305410                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6530876                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         78592                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    245018473                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4003676                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      45091783                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18236774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21041                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          20856                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         47633                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        11726                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1326863                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3247922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4574785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     223113777                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      41823580                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      9196295                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             58230629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         19228524                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           16407049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.727140                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              220244467                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             219286009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         144462611                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         226059133                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.697509                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.639048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     62213481                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17063                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4296394                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    117970391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.549591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.400128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     47838064     40.55%     40.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10651681      9.03%     49.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6287787      5.33%     54.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     53192859     45.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            3                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    117970391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      182805832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               47242501                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              33136846                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           17018623                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           43065086                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         154868569                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2524257                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       960995      0.53%      0.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    111735023     61.12%     61.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        27184      0.01%     61.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv         1757      0.00%     61.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     22835027     12.49%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv         3345      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     19455511     10.64%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     11852374      6.48%     91.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     13681335      7.48%     98.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2253281      1.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    182805832                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      53192859                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            309796845                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           500019800                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  196108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 1282482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             182805832                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.291811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.291811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.774107                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.774107                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        292420989                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       137761387                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          72821180                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         42140747                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          79268435                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         44344190                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       100987354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          30281                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4294715                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2147375                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         4837                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              3                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51672426000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1978268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       321369                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       492805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1331027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           169107                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          169107                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        495138                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1483130                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1480786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4961307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6442093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     63081472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    126308096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              189389568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            2454                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    149568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2149832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.057654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2142662     99.67%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   7170      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2149832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2369198383                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         594786045                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1983609602                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
